Anania murcialis is a species of moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Spain and Morocco.
The length of the forewings is 9–10 mm.

Aneuma is a Spanish melodic death metal/metalcore band. The band members are from Navia, Asturias. The band won the 2nd place in the 2023 Wacken Open Air metal battle competition.

Caritas Archdiocese of Suva, operating under the name Caritas Fiji, is a not-for-profit social welfare organisation in Fiji. It is the social arm of the Catholic Church in Fiji.
Caritas Fiji became a member of both Caritas Oceania and Caritas Internationalis in 2019.

Counting Rod Numerals is a Unicode block containing traditional Chinese counting rod symbols, which mathematicians used for calculation in ancient China, Japan, Korea, and Vietnam. The orientation of the Unicode characters follows Song dynasty convention, with digits represented as horizontal lines, and tens represented as vertical lines, which differs from Han dynasty practice which represented digits as vertical lines, and tens as horizontal lines.
The block also contains five ideographic tally marks, based on the five strokes of the character 正, which are widely used in East Asia. There are also two characters for use in representing traditional European tally marks (only Tally Mark One and Tally Mark Five are encoded, with tally numbers two through four intended to be represented as a sequence of two through four Tally Mark One characters).

Dactylispa harsha is a species of beetle of the family Chrysomelidae. It is found in Bangladesh, India (Meghalaya, Uttar Pradesh) and Nepal.

Fyodor Osipovich Schechtel (Russian: Фёдор О́сипович Ше́хтель; August 7 [O.S. July 26] 1859 – July 7, 1926) was a Russian architect, graphic artist and stage designer. He was the most influential and prolific master of Russian Art Nouveau and late Russian Revival architecture.
Baptised as Franz Albert Schechtel (also transliterated as Shekhtel), he created most of his work as Franz Schechtel (Франц Шехтель), changing his name to Fyodor with the outbreak of World War I. In two decades of independent practice he completed five theaters, five churches, 39 private residences, Yaroslavsky Rail Terminal and various other buildings, primarily in Moscow. Most of his legacy survives to date.

The Globally Responsible Leadership Initiative (GRLI) is a non-profit community of businesses as well as business schools and other educational institutions. Based in Belgium, Brussels, its purpose is to catalyse the development of globally responsible leadership and practice in organisations and society worldwide. The GRLI was founded in 2004 and counts numerous organisations that are its partners and members. GRLI is an official partner of United Nations Sustainable Development Goals for Quality Education and Responsible Consumption and Production.
GRLI's strategic partners are the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB), the European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD) and the United Nations Global Compact.

Hemidactylus raya is a species of gecko. It is endemic to India.

Hilary Bart-Smith is a Scottish mechanical engineer known for her work on biologically inspired structures including robot fish. She is professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering at the University of Virginia, where she is the founder of both the Multifunctional Materials and Structures Laboratory and the Bio-inspired Engineering Research Laboratory.

Howard Mansion and Carriage House is a historic mansion and carriage house in Hyde Park, New York.

Liso Polje is a village in the municipality of Ub, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 225 people.

This is a list of Norwegian football transfers in the winter transfer window 2015-16 by club. Only clubs of the 2016 Tippeligaen and 2016 Norwegian First Division is included.

The modern order of succession of Thai monarchs begins with king Si Inthrathit who established the Sukhothai Kingdom in 1238, which is considered to be the first contemporary Tai-ethnic kingdom; it was ruled by Phra Ruang dynasty. Composing of 8 dynasties: Phra Ruang, Uthong, Suphannaphum, Sukhothai, Prasat Thong, Ban Phlu Luang, Thonburi, and Chakri. With brief interruptions, 55 monarchs and 27 viceroys have ruled over four successive kingdoms, the current monarch being Vajiralongkorn (Rama X) of the Chakri dynasty.
The modern perception is that there has been four distinct eras of Thai history, namely: Sukhothai, Ayutthaya, Thonburi, and Rattanakosin. However, the compilations of historical narratives from the old capital (pongsawadan krung kao) and the historical narratives from the king in the temple compiled by Prince Tisavarakumara, the Prince Damrong Rajanubhab, along with the Chronicles of Northern Kingdom's Histories included the Pre-Sukhothai and Pre-Ayutthaya monarchs as well. This means that the Sukhothai-Si Satchanalai city-states and the Siam Confederation and their monarchs is a part of the historical cannon as well.
Prior to the establishment of Sukhothai, Siam was a group of petty kingdoms shifting zones of influences and mandalas through wars and political marriages. Because of this, there are kingdoms and polities which existence may overlap, hence the monarchs' reigns will also overlap or even reign two polities at once. An example are Sukhothai and Ayutthaya. Ayutthaya, in the modern sense, was established during the reign of Maha Thammaracha I of Sukhothai in 1351 in which king Uthong V & Ramathibodi I (same person with two regnal names) inherited all of the confederation's polities – uniting them, hence the reign of Ayutthaya's monarchs overlaps with 4 monarchs of Sukhothai. An example for a monarch reigning multiple polities is when king Phanom Thale Sri who reigned both the Siam Confederation and the Sukhothai-Si Satchanai city-states (together 5 different polities) at the same time in 1155, while these polities were ran separately and equal to one another unlike the vassalage system in which a state is subservient to another.
The traditional accounts of the list starts with king Phra Pathomsuriya Thephanarathai Suwannabophit as the first king of all of Siam in 757 CE. He was the first king to unite petty kingdoms under one monarch. His descendants are of the Guruwamsa/Pathomsuriyawong dynasty, which is also the ancestors to most of the reigning dynasty of Sukhothai and Ayutthaya. In which, according to the traditional accounts, king Uthong V, the first king of Ayutthaya is canonically considered to be the 27th monarch of Siam. The number of monarchs up to today would total to 101 monarchs.

The Marianites of Holy Cross (MSC) is a Catholic congregation of nuns, founded in Le Mans, France, in 1841, by Fr Basil Moreau. It was founded as a third distinct society within the Congregation of Holy Cross. The Marianites of Holy Cross is now an independent congregation.

Michael William Thomas Jr. (born March 3, 1993) is an American former professional football player who was a wide receiver for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Ohio State and was selected by the Saints in the second round of the 2016 NFL draft. Thomas holds the record for the most receptions by a player in a single season with 149 in 2019. He led the league in receptions in both the 2018 and 2019 seasons, while also leading the league in yardage in the 2019 season. Thomas was also the NFL Offensive Player of the Year that year. His last four seasons were plagued by injuries.

Modhera Vav is a stepwell in Modhera village in Mehsana district, Gujarat, India. The stepwell belongs to the 11th century while the mandapa origins from the 10th century. It is the state protected monument.

Edward Charles Richard (Graf von) Taaffe (1898–1967), known as Richard, was an Irish gemmologist who found the first cut and polished taaffeite in November 1945.

Shine Lawyers is an Australian law firm specialising in personal injury compensation law, operating on a no win no fee basis. The firm has expanded into providing toxic exposure, silica and dust disease, abuse and medical negligence services through a number of acquisitions.
Founded in Toowoomba in 1976, the firm is now headquartered in Brisbane, Australia, and currently has over 700 employees based across more than 40 offices across Australia and New Zealand. The firm featured in a Four Corners documentary accused of gross overcharging in class actions and for exploitation of vulnerable class members.

The short hood of a hood unit-style diesel locomotive is the shorter of the two hoods (narrower sections of the locomotive body in front and behind of the cab) on a locomotive.  The short hood contains ancillary equipment, frequently a chemical-retention toilet for crew use, and may contain a steam generator for heating older-style passenger cars.

Stories from Sol: The Gun-Dog is a 2025 retro visual novel developed by British indie game developer Space Colony Studios and published by Meridiem Games, PM Studios, and Astrolabe Games. It was released for the PlayStation, Windows PCs, and the Nintendo Switch in February 2025. Astrolabe Games and Meridiem Games had localized and published the game internationally. The game was heavily inspired by Japanese PC-9800 adventure games.
Players control a lieutenant in the Jovian navy, who was recently recruited as a security guard for the Gun Dog ship. Stories from Sol: The Gun-Dog had received generally positive reviews from critics upon its release.

Blessed Sacrament Huguenot is the only private, co-ed, Early Learners through Grade 12 Catholic school in the Greater Richmond Region. Located on a 40-acre (16 ha) campus in Powhatan, Virginia, BSH is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Richmond. Students of any faith background are eligible for admission.

Carabus marietti muchei is a subspecies of black coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.

Cascade Summit  is an unincorporated community in Klamath County, Oregon, United States. It is located on the west shore of Odell Lake near Shelter Cove; about 30 miles southeast of Oakridge.
Cascade Summit is a station of the Southern Pacific Railroad's (SP) Cascade Line established when the line was completed in 1925–1926. The station was named because it is just east of the summit tunnel through the Cascades. Cascade Summit post office was established in 1927 and closed in 1980. The railroad line is now owned by Union Pacific.
Cascade Summit is the highest point on the railroad's crossing of the Cascades at an elevation of 4,852 feet (1,479 m). It was a famous location for publicity photos in SP days. At Cascade Summit there was a station, siding, and a wye. During the 1930s to 1940s, passenger trains stopped at the station daily. Today only the siding remains. At one time the locale was the site of Cascade Summit Lodge; it later burned down, but as of 1990 the foundation was still visible.

Cayo Levantado Port or Samana Port or Fondeaderon Port is located in Arroyo Barril, Samana, Dominican Republic.

Cerverí de Girona (Catalan pronunciation: [səɾβəˈɾi ðə ʒiˈɾonə]; fl. 1259 – 1285) was a Catalan troubadour born Guillem de Cervera in Girona. He was the most prolific troubadour, leaving behind some 114 lyric poems among other works, including an ensenhamen of proverbs for his son, totaling about 130. He was a court poet to James the Conqueror and Peter the Great. He wrote pastorelas and sirventes and his overriding concern was the complexities of court life. None of his music survives.
Cerverí spent some time under the patronage and at the court of Hugh IV and Henry II of Rodez. He was in Spain in 1269, for he is found that year in the entourage of the then-infante Peter the Great. With fellow troubadours Folquet de Lunel and Dalfinet he accompanied Peter to Toledo. On 26 April at Riello, near Cuenca, he received one solidus for his services. Cerverí's Cobla en sis lengatges ("Verse in six languages") copied the metre of either Folquet's Al bon rey q'es reys de pretz car or Sordel's Bel m'es ab motz leugiers a far.
Cerverí wrote Si per tristor, per dol no per cossir, a planh, on 26 August 1276 for the death of James the Conqueror. It is direct and almost personal. The troubadour asks the Virgin Mary to show as much mercy to James as he showed on earth, referring to his establishing the Mercedarian Order in Barcelona. The poet Matieu de Caersi wrote a very different planh, Tant suy marritz que no.m puese alegrar, for James, moralising and religious in tone.

Diego Martin Central is a parliamentary electoral district in Trinidad and Tobago in the north-west of Trinidad. It has been represented since the 2020 general election by Symon de Nobriga of the People's National Movement (PNM).

Esencial: Mónica Naranjo is the fourth greatest hits compilation by Spanish recording artist Mónica Naranjo released on 11 June 2013 through Legacy and Sony. The album includes all her hits, including promotional singles, three remixes, plus two songs which were never included in any of her albums, "Dream Alive" (2011) featuring Brian Cross, and "Insensatez", from the compilation album Samba Pa Ti (2005).

Gercebahşiş is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Anamur, Mersin Province, Turkey. Its population is 1,359 (2022). It is at the north east of Anamur.

Inside Charlie's Chocolate Factory: The Complete Story of Willy Wonka, the Golden Ticket, and Roald Dahl's Most Famous Creation is a 2014 non-fiction book by Lucy Mangan. It was released at the same time as the 50th anniversary edition of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and looks at the origin and history of that story.

Jacques Couture may refer to:

Jacques Couture (racing driver), Canadian auto racer
Jacques Couture (politician), a member of the National Assembly of Quebec and cabinet minister

Jamesia americana, also called cliffbush, waxflower or five petal cliffbush, is a species of flowering plant in the Hydrangeaceae.

Jump Square (Japanese: ジャンプスクエア, Hepburn: Janpu Sukuea), also written as Jump SQ. (ジャンプSQ.), is a Japanese monthly shōnen manga magazine. Published by Shueisha, the magazine premiered on November 2, 2007, as a replacement for Monthly Shōnen Jump, another manga anthology that Shueisha discontinued in June of that year. The magazine is a part of the Jump line of magazines. The manga titles serialized in the magazine are also published in tankōbon volumes under the Jump Comics SQ. imprint. Shueisha reported that readers of Jump Square tend to range from 15 to 34 years of age. The current (2015) editor-in-chief is Kôsuke Yahagi.



Junqan castle (Persian: قلعه جونقان) is a historical castle located in Farsan County in Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, The longevity of this fortress dates back to the Qajar dynasty.

Main Source is the third studio album by hip hop artist Large Professor. It was released on September 15, 2008, through Gold Dust Media.

Morris Elias Curiel (1863-1928) was a Venezuelan banker and member of the Government of Curaçao. He liked to write poetry in his spare time. In 1998, his son Elias Morris Curiel donated the finances to transform the Center for Sephardic Studies in Caracas into the Sephardi Museum Morris E. Curiel, in his father's name. His cousin Elias David Curiel wrote the anthem of the state of Falćon.

In game theory, an n-player game is a game which is well defined for any number of players. This is usually used in contrast to standard 2-player games that are only specified for two players. In defining n-player games, game theorists usually provide a definition that allow for any (finite) number of players. The limiting case of 
  
    
      
        n
        →
        ∞
      
    
    {\displaystyle n\to \infty }
  
 is the subject of mean field game theory.
Changing games from 2-player games to n-player games entails some concerns. For instance, the Prisoner's dilemma is a 2-player game. One might define an n-player Prisoner's Dilemma where a single defection results everyone else getting the sucker's payoff. Alternatively, it might take certain amount of defection before the cooperators receive the sucker's payoff. (One example of an n-player Prisoner's Dilemma is the Diner's dilemma.)

Navarone is a 1980 fixed shooter video game developed and published by Namco for arcades. It was only released in Japan in February 1980. It is one of the last monochromatic video games to be released by Namco. Hamster Corporation released the game outside Japan for the first time as part of their Arcade Archives series for the Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4 in March 2023.

Noctilionoidea is a superfamily of bats containing six families: Thyropteridae, Furipteridae, Noctilionidae, Phyllostomidae, Myzopodidae, and Mystacinidae. 
It is one of three superfamilies in the suborder Yangochiroptera, the others being Vespertilionoidea and Emballonuroidea. The inclusion of Myzopodidae has been questioned, as other studies have placed it outside the superfamily as a sister group to Vespertilionoidea, sister group to Emballonuroidea, or within Emballonuroidea as part of Nycteridae.

Small Favor is the tenth book in The Dresden Files, Jim Butcher's continuing series about wizard detective Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden. The book stayed on the New York Times Best Seller list for 3 weeks following its release, attaining the number 2 spot during its first week. Small Favor is available as an eBook and an audio CD (ISBN 0-14-314339-5).
The cover art by illustrator Christian McGrath depicts Harry standing in front of a brick wall, with his wizard's staff in one hand and a revolver in the other, as flames rise around him.

The South China Sea Arbitration (Philippines v. China, PCA case number 2013–19) was an arbitration case brought by the Republic of the Philippines against the People's Republic of China (PRC) under Annex VII (subject to Part XV) of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS, ratified by the Philippines in 1984, by the PRC in 1996, opted out from Section 2 of Part XV by China in 2006) concerning certain issues in the South China Sea, including the nine-dash line introduced by the mainland-based Republic of China since as early as 1947. A tribunal of arbitrators appointed the Permanent Court of Arbitration (PCA) as the registry for the proceedings.
On 19 February 2013, China declared that it would not participate in the arbitration. On 7 December 2014, it published a white paper to elaborate its position that, among other points, the tribunal lacks jurisdiction. In accordance with Article 3 of Annex VII of UNCLOS, the Philippines appointed 1 of the 5 arbitrators, while China did not appoint any. On 29 October 2015, the tribunal concluded that it had jurisdiction to consider seven of the Philippines' submissions, subject to certain conditions, and postponed the consideration of its jurisdiction on the other eight submissions to the merits phase.
On 12 July 2016, the arbitral tribunal ruled in favor of the Philippines on most of its submissions. It clarified that while it would not "rule on any question of sovereignty ... and would not delimit any maritime boundary", China's historic rights claims over maritime areas (as opposed to land masses and territorial waters) within the "nine-dash line" have no lawful effect unless entitled to under UNCLOS. China has rejected the ruling, as has Taiwan. As of November 2023, 26 governments support the ruling, 17 issued generally positive statements noting the ruling but not called for compliance, and eight rejected it. The United Nations does not hold any position on the case or on the disputed claims.

The 2005 Wismilak International was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 12th edition of the Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic, and was part of the Tier III Series of the 2005 WTA Tour. It took place at the Grand Hyatt Bali in Bali, Indonesia, from 12 through 18 September 2005. Lindsay Davenport won the singles title.

4-Benzylpiperidine is a drug and research chemical used in scientific studies. It has been encountered as a designer drug.



The Battle of Kobyłka took place between the Russian Empire's armed forces under the leadership of Suvorov and Polish-Lithuanian insurgents under Stanisław Mokronowski north-east of Warsaw (at Kobyłka), on 26 October 1794. It was part of the Kościuszko Uprising and ended with the insurgents' defeat. Having set up camp near Kobyłka after the battle, Suvorov began preparing for the upcoming Battle of Praga.

This uniform polyhedron compound is a composition of 5 small rhombihexahedra, in the same vertex and edge arrangement as the compound of 5 small rhombicuboctahedra.

Con Kafataris is an Australian bookmaker. Having operated as a bookmaker in Sydney's betting ring for over 25 years, he is one of the city's leading rails bookmaker. He is a member and Director of the NSW Bookmakers' Co-operative Limited and is licensed by the Racing NSW the Australian Jockey Club Harness Racing NSW and the Greyhound Racing Association. Kafataris is also a licensed bookmaker in the Australian Capital Territory and South Australia.
Kafataris is CEO of Australia's second largest private sports betting company (Sportsbet is the largest), the Centrebet Group, which is the integration of Centrebet, SportOdds.com, and SuperOdds UK. Centrebet was the first sports book to be licensed in Australia and the first online in the southern hemisphere.  The Group currently holds licences in the Northern Territory, Australian Capital Territory; Western Australia and the United Kingdom. The company was publicly listed in 2006 with Kafataris as managing director.
Kafataris started Sports Odds in the Australian Capital Territory in 1995 and started offering Internet sports betting in 1999. The company acquired Centrebet in 2003 for $46.5 million from Tabcorp and merged it with Sports Odds. The company is forecast to have a turnover of a billion Australian dollars during 2006–07.

Crimes That Shook Australia is an Australian true crime documentary television series that premiered on Crime + Investigation on 16 April 2014. Stan Grant presented the first two series; Matt Doran was announced as the new presenter in February 2017.



Currans Hill is a suburb of Sydney in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is 60 km (37 mi) south-west of the Sydney central business district, in the local government area of Camden Council and is part of the Macarthur region.

Danilo Burgos (born 19 January 1978) is an American politician serving as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 197th district. Elected in November 2018, he assumed office on January 2, 2019.

Flamur Noka (born March 3, 1971) is an Albanian politician, currently serving as the General Secretary of the Democratic Party of Albania. Born and raised in Kukës, in Albania's northern border with Kosovo, Noka joined the Democratic Party in the early 2000s, and quickly started climbing the ranks. From 2012 to 2013, he was Albania's Minister of the Interior.

The Green Mountain Conference was a short-lived intercollegiate athletic football conference that existed only during the 1963 season. The league had members, as its name suggests, in the state of Vermont.



Ingvar Asp (born 2 October 1938) is a Swedish weightlifter. He competed in the men's middle heavyweight event at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

James A. Fraser (27 June 1841 – 14 January 1930) was a gold miner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Guysborough County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1890 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Brookville, Pictou County, Nova Scotia, the son of Donald Fraser and Sophia Fraser, of Scottish descent. In 1871, Fraser married Charlotte M. Fisher. Fraser served as a member of the municipal council for St. Mary's district before being elected to the provincial assembly. He was also editor for the Eastern Chronicle.

Lex monetae is a Latin phrase which means that a sovereign state chooses which currency it will use and that the meaning of units of above-mentioned currency is determined by the law of the country whose money is in question.
The concept has been identified as a potential problem if the Eurozone breaks up or a member state decides to leave it, since debts in euros may turn into debts owed in another currency. Conversion would be at a rate determined by the nation in question, and no party to a contract or transaction will have the right to default on it.

Brick Romanesque is an architectural style and chronological phase of architectural history. The term described Romanesque buildings built of brick; like the subsequent Brick Gothic, it is geographically limited to Central Europe. Structures in other regions are not described as Brick Romanesque but as "Romanesque brick-built church" or similar terms.
In comparison to Brick Gothic, Brick Romanesque is a less established and less frequently used term. On the one hand, this is caused by the fact that the Baltic region was only beginning to develop its own stylistic identity during the Romanesque period, on the other by the relatively low number of surviving buildings. Many of the major Brick Gothic edifices had Brick Romanesque predecessors, remains of which are often still visible. Nearly all preserved buildings are churches. The buildings contrast with earlier stone-built churches (fieldstone churches), which were constructed of glacial erratics and rubble.  Such rounded stones limit the potential size of a building; the material and technique do not permit the construction of structures larger than a village church for static reasons. Monumental constructions only became possible through the growing use and perfection of brick building.

This is a list of all lighthouses in the U.S. state of Massachusetts as identified by the United States Coast Guard. Enumeration of the lighthouses in this state is complicated by the number of multiple tower stations and replacement of older towers, with the Brant Point Light station having had nine towers, two of which survive. At present there are forty-seven active towers, of which eleven are privately maintained; thirteen are standing but inactive, seven have been replaced with skeleton towers, thirteen have been destroyed or removed, and one tower has been moved to another state. The oldest station, Boston Light, established in 1716, was the first lighthouse built in the colonies, and the current tower at that station, built in 1783, is the oldest survivor in the state and the second oldest in the nation, and was the last lighthouse automated in the United States. The last station established was at the Buzzards Bay Entrance Light in 1961 (since replaced by an automated light on a steel tripod), but in 1986 the 1818 Great Point Light was rebuilt and relit, making it the last tower constructed in the state. The tallest towers in the state are the two Cape Ann Light towers, but the highest focal plane is at the Hospital Point Range Rear Light, which is located in the steeple of the First Baptist Church of Beverly. Another lighthouse built in 1802, Point Hope Lighthouse, is said to be haunted by a malevolent spirit.
A number of inactivated Massachusetts lights have met with unusual fates. The Three Sisters of Nauset were sold off to separate private buyers before being purchased by the National Park Service and moved back near their original site. Range lights in Nantucket and Hyannis were incorporated into private dwellings, the former housing the Gilbreth family of Cheaper by the Dozen fame. The Point Gammon Light was converted into an observation tower for birdwatching.
If not otherwise noted, focal height and coordinates are taken from the United States Coast Guard Light List, while location and dates of activation, automation, and deactivation are taken from the United States Coast Guard Historical information site for lighthouses. Lighthouses in the "Former" section only include structures that no longer exist.

Nikolai Matveyevich Kischner (Russian: Николай Матвеевич Кижнер; 27 November 1867 – 28 November 1935) was a Russian chemist and member of the Russian Academy of Sciences.

Nosh may refer to:

NOSH-aspirin, a category of new hybrids of aspirin
Farah Nosh, Iraqi-Canadian photojournalist
Nosh A Lody (born 1989), Finnish footballer of Congolese descent
The Nosh Bar, London salt beef bar

Oba Ovonramwen Nogbaisi, also called Overami, was the thirty-fifth Ọba of the Kingdom of Benin reigning from c. 1888 – c. 1897, up until the British punitive expedition.
Born circa 1857, he was the son of Ọba Adọlọ. He took the name Ovọnramwẹn Nọgbaisi at his enthronement in 1888. Every Ọba took a new name at his coronation, Ovọnramwẹn meaning "The Rising Sun" and Nọgbaisi meaning "which spreads over all".
At the end of the 19th century, the Kingdom of Benin had managed to retain its independence and the Ọba exercised a monopoly over trade which the British found irksome. The territory was coveted by an influential group of investors for its rich natural resources such as palm oil, rubber and ivory.
The kingdom was largely independent of British control, and pressure continued from figures such as Vice-Consul James Robert Phillips and Captain Henry Gallwey (the British vice-Consul of Oil Rivers Protectorate) who were pushing for British annexation of the Benin Empire and the removal of the Ọba.



Sagat: The Documentary stylized as SAGAT: The Documentary, SAGAT - Uncut or just SAGAT (in French: Sagat: le documentaire) is a 2011 documentary on pornographic actor and gay icon François Sagat about his persona and impact on world culture directed by Pascal Roche and Jérôme M. De Oliveira. It was produced by ADL TV and after an idea by Brenda & Lucy Co.



Saurita salta is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae. It was described by Schaus in 1894. It is primarily found in Venezuela.

The 2015 Crescent Cup or the 2015 Islamic Nations Rugby Championship was the first edition of the expanded annual Muslim nation teams Crescent Cup. The tournament was held in Malacca, Malaysia from 6 to 14 June 2015, sanctioned by World Rugby and co-organised with the Malaysia Rugby Union under the auspices of the Islamic Solidarity Sports Federation.
Five teams took part in the competition: Algeria, Kazakhstan, Lebanon, Malaysia and Uzbekistan. Iran, normally the sixth team, withdrew from the tournament.
Malaysia won the Championship, becoming the first team to win the tournament beating Algeria in the controversial final match, which was abandoned after a savage all-in brawl involving players, officials and spectators.

Adil Abdul-Mahdi al-Muntafiki (Arabic: عادل عبد المهدي المنتفكي, born 1 January 1942) is an Iraqi politician  who served as Prime Minister of Iraq from October 2018 until May 2020. Abdul-Mahdi is an economist and was one of the vice presidents of Iraq from 2005 to 2011. He formerly served as Minister of Finance in the Interim government and Oil Minister from 2014 to 2016.
Abdul-Mahdi is a former member of the powerful Shi'a party the Supreme Islamic Iraqi Council, or SIIC. Long based in neighboring Iran, the group opposed a United States administration while holding close ties with the other, U.S.-backed, groups that opposed Saddam Hussein, including the Kurds and the Iraqi National Congress.
Abdul-Mahdi submitted his formal resignation as prime minister in November 2019, following widespread protests over political corruption and violent police responses.

Ahern Peak (8,753 feet (2,668 m)) is located in the Lewis Range, Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The mountain was named after George Patrick Ahern.  Ahern Peak is immediately southwest of Helen Lake and straddles the Continental Divide. Ahern Glacier lies just north of the peak.

Allan Seymour Walker (19 June 1887 – 8 January 1958) was an Australian Army officer who served in First and Second World Wars, a medical practitioner, and a military and medical historian who wrote the four medical volumes of the official history series Australia in the War of 1939–1945.

The Men's marathon 1A was a wheelchair marathon event in athletics at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. It was designed for male athletes in category 1A, with the most severe levels of disability. Three runners participated: Heinrich Koeberle from West Germany, and H. Lobbering (full name not recorded), and Rainer Kueschall of Switzerland. Since there were only three participants, all were guaranteed a medal upon finishing the race. However, only Koeberle managed to finish, clocking a time of three hours, forty-one minutes and forty-seven seconds, earning him the gold medal.

In the first (20–21 May), second (23–24 May) and third (10–11 June) battles of Vicenza of 1848, the city, which had given its allegiance to the Republic of San Marco, was attacked by the Austrian Empire. This took place during the First Italian War of Independence amidst the revolutions of 1848. The city was defended by Giovanni Durando with volunteer troops and a contingent of the Swiss Guard from the Papal State. The attackers were under the personal command of Marshal Joseph Radetzky. After being repulsed in the first two battles, the Austrians conquered Vicenza with the third battle.

Chlamydastis apoclina is a moth in the family Depressariidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1929. It is found in Colombia.

de Villagra or de Villagrá is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Francisco de Villagra (1511–1563), Spanish conquistador
Gaspar Pérez de Villagrá (1555–1620), Spanish explorer
Pedro de Villagra (1513–1577), Spanish explorer and general

e-NABLE is a distributed, open source community that creates and shares open source designs for assistive devices. It is known for creating the first 3D printable prosthetic hand and sharing the designs and code for bioelectric limbs.

Hugo Hernán Garay (born 27 November 1980) is an Argentine professional boxer who fights at light heavyweight.

Indrė is a Lithuanian feminine given name. Individuals bearing the name Indrė include:

Indrė Jakubaitytė (born 1976), Lithuanian javelin thrower
Indrė Girdauskaitė (born 1998), Lithuanian diver
Indrė Šerpytytė (born 1983), Lithuanian artist
Indrė Sorokaitė (born 1988), Lithuanian-born Italian volleyball player
Indrė Valaitė (born 1983), Lithuanian orienteer
Indrė Valantinaitė (born 1984), Lithuanian poet
Indre Viskontas, Lithuanian-Canadian neuroscientist and operatic soprano

Carl Jackson "Jack" Gordon Jr. (December 29, 1944 – May 7, 2011) was an American Democratic politician from Mississippi.
Born in Tupelo, Mississippi, Gordon served in the Mississippi House of Representatives 1972–80. He later served in the Mississippi State Senate from 1980 to 1992, and then again from 1996 until his death from brain cancer at his home in Okolona, Mississippi, aged 66.
He was married to the former Martha Ann Estes.

Loveline  is the tenth album by the American soul/R&B group Tavares, produced by Alan Abrahams and released in 1981 on the Capitol label. It is the last album that Tavares recorded for Capitol after a nine-year association which covered their whole recording career to that date. The group moved to RCA for their last two albums.
Loveline is Tavares' second successive album to fail to register on either the pop or the R&B top 100.
The incipit of the song Loveline is very similar to the Alton McClain and Destiny's 1979 hit "It Must Be Love".

Odontocera tibialis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.



Phaedon cochleariae  (commonly called mustard beetle or watercress beetle) is a non-social, holometabolous species of leaf beetle native to Europe.  
They experience distinct personalities that are influenced by population density, sex, inbreeding, and diet. This is exhibited by varying levels of aggression and sexual activity. As non-social creatures, P. cochleariae thrive in lower population densities, where they benefit from reduced competition and abundant resources which improve their individual fitness. They are at a potential risk of extinction because of high levels of inbreeding depression in the wild. 
The mustard leaf beetle is a common pest of horseradish and cabbage plants. Their diet of external leaves makes them overtly visible to predators. Due to their high visibility, they have evolved to secrete defensive and volatile substances, called iridoids, to deter predators. These secretions also contain antimicrobial and antifungal properties.

Stuart Phillips (born September 9, 1929) is an American composer of film scores and television series theme music, conductor and record producer. He is best known for composing the theme tunes to the television series McCloud, Battlestar Galactica, and Knight Rider.

Ukraine national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Ukraine that represents the team in international competitions.  The country has appeared at the Paralympic Games in 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012 where they have medaled each time.  At the 2015 IFCPF World Championships, Ukraine finished second. This bettered the 2011 edition where they finished third.

Vatsala Deshmukh (Marathi: वत्सला देशमुख; 1930 – 12 March 2022) was an Indian Marathi and Hindi actress.

Viktor Tokaji (born January 11, 1977, in Dunaújváros, Hungary) is a Hungarian former professional ice hockey defenceman who most notably played for Austrian Hockey League (EBEL) side, Alba Volán Székesfehérvár.

Zoletta Lynn Taylor (March 17, 1938 – April 30, 2007) was an American singer and musician. Beginning her career in the early 1950s, Taylor was the original female member of the American vocal group The Platters from 1954 until 1962, when the group produced most of their popular singles.

Adam Ołdakowski (born 25 December 1955 in Giżycko) is a Polish politician. He was elected to Sejm on 25 September 2005, getting 7488 votes in 34 Elbląg district as a candidate from the Samoobrona Rzeczpospolitej Polskiej list. 
He was also a member of Sejm 2001-2005.
In 2010, Adam became the representative of the European Social Support Center Helper in Olsztyn. He joined the District Employment Council in Bartoszyce. He was awarded the honour of "Meritorious for Warmia and Mazury".

Alexander C. Bishop was an American politician who served as the Attorney General of Utah from 1896 to 1901.

The Confédération des syndicats nationaux (CSN; English: Confederation of National Trade Unions) is the second largest trade union federation in Quebec by membership.

Cristian Andrés Campozano (born 17 June 1985) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward.

Darsano Chhana or Darsano Chhanno (Urdu: درسانو چهنو, Sindhi: درساڻو ڇنو) is a neighbourhood of Gadap town in the Malir district of Karachi, Pakistan.
Diverse ethnic and religious groups live in Darsano Chana including Muhajirs, Sindhis, Punjabis, Kashmiris, Seraikis, Pakhtuns, Balochis, Memons, Bohras, Christians and Ismailis. But the majority of the residents are Sindhi (Jokhio and other communities) and Baloch (Jadgal).

Earth vs. the Flying Saucers (a.k.a. Invasion of the Flying Saucers and Flying Saucers from Outer Space) is a 1956 American science-fiction film from Columbia Pictures. It was produced by Charles H. Schneer, directed by Fred F. Sears, and stars Hugh Marlowe and Joan Taylor. The stop-motion animation special effects were created by Ray Harryhausen. The storyline was suggested by the bestselling 1953 nonfiction book Flying Saucers from Outer Space by Maj. Donald Keyhoe. The film was released as a double feature with The Werewolf.

George W. Strawbridge Jr. (born October 10, 1937) is an American educator, historian, investor, sportsman and philanthropist.

Hedningarna is the debut album by the Swedish band Hedningarna. It was released in 1989, when Hedningarna was still a group with three members. Unlike the other albums, the debut does not include amplified instruments and rhythm loops and is played entirely with acoustic instrumentation.
Using various instruments, such as hurdy-gurdies, moraharpas, bagpipes and fiddles, the album proves Hedningarnas' ability to mix old and new styles, and the album honors the old Scandinavian musical traditions, while managing to combine these with more modern sounds.
The album was later released on the NorthSide label.

Kasumba is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Dennis Kasumba (born 2003), Ugandan baseball player
Florence Kasumba (born 1976), Ugandan-born German actress and voice actress
Jane Kasumba, Ugandan media personality and journalist
Leslie 'Lee' Kasumba (born 1980), Ugandan radio and TV presenter
Samson Kasumba (born 1974), Ugandan pastor and TV personality

Maneno Oswald (born 25 February 1970 in Dar es Salaam) is a Tanzanian super middleweight boxer.

The Music Awards Ceremony (often simply called the MAC) are annual popular music awards for Serbia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Slovenia, North Macedonia and Montenegro presented by Skymedia Group. The awards were first held on 29 January 2019 at the Belgrade Arena. The MAC is broadcast on several regional television networks, as well as via YouTube. It consists of up to 20 different categories, which are based on public votes, and other special awards, whose winners are determined by the organizers. MAC is recognized as  one of the highest profile music awards ceremony in the western Balkans.
Music Awards Ceremony has received international critical acclaim. In August 2022, it was also declared the manifestations of special importance for the City of Belgrade.

The polkadot poison frog (Oophaga arborea) is a species of frogs in the family Dendrobatidae endemic to Panama, where it is known as rana venenosa in Spanish. Its natural habitats are humid lowland and montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss and is listed by the IUCN as being "critically endangered".



Sebastián Ezequiel Soto (born 14 June 1991) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for San Miguel.

Shamsuddin Ahmed Ishaq (1 September 1941 – 27 March 2005) was a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician and a Jatiya Sangsad member representing the Narsingdi-1 constituency  for four terms since 1991 until his death in office in 2005.

Stapelrecht, or staple right, was a medieval privilege granted to certain cities in the Holy Roman Empire allowing them to require passing merchants to unload and offer their goods for sale locally, fostering urban prosperity but often hindering long-distance trade.
Staple rights can be compared to Marktrecht (market rights), the right to hold a regular market, as they were extremely important for the economic prosperity of the river cities that possessed such rights, such as Leipzig (1507), Mainz, Munich (1332), and Cologne (where a Stapelhaus still stands as a reminder of the former right). At the same time, they created a strong barrier against long-distance trade because of the increased costs and the time required to unload and load ships, especially as a river might have multiple cities in a row with staple rights.
Stapel rights required merchant barges or ships to unload their goods at the port and to display them for sale for a certain period, often three days. Only after that option had been given to local customers were traders allowed to reload their cargo and travel onwards with the remaining unsold freight.
The merchants often also did not have the option to avoid the respective cities, at least for certain goods, as they were forced by law to take the route of a prescribed tollway (such as the Via Regia or the Via Imperii) which was controlled by the city with staple right. That affected the transport especially of perishable goods like foodstuffs, but traders could often pay a fee to avoid having to display their wares, thus turning the staple right into a form of trade taxation, with similar but less severe results.
On the other hand, users of the road and visitors to cities with staple rights also gained several advantages, such as roads of better quality or the right of peaceful passage guaranteed by the local king. Those advantages were not common outside the tollways, as medieval local governments were usually weak, and street robberies were frequent.
Staple rights were probably introduced by Charlemagne (ruled 768–814). It was only in 1815, at the Congress of Vienna, that they were abolished. That policy took effect on the Rhine by the Mainzer Akte in 1831 and in 1839 for the whole of Germany, by the German Customs Union.
Limited staple rights were sometimes given to towns along major trade-routes like Görlitz, which obtained staple rights for salt and woad, and Lviv gained them in 1444.

The Strand Theater is a performing arts, film and community center in the borough of Zelienople, Pennsylvania, United States of America.

Sugar Jones is the only studio album by Canadian pop and R&B girl group Sugar Jones. The album's first single "Days Like That", sold 8,762 copies in the first week of release and reached atop the Canadian Singles Chart. The album was released on June 26, 2001, and was a commercial success, debuting at number 2 on the Canadian Albums Chart and being certified platinum. Singles "Days Like That" and "How Much Longer" were among the top 100 most played radio tracks in Canada in 2001; #22 and #42, respectively.

"Talking in My Sleep" is a song by Swedish singer Paul Rey. The song was first performed at Melodifestivalen 2020, where it advanced to the final through the Second Chance round. The song ultimately ranked sixth, accumulating a total of 68 points.

Wilferd Ferdinand Madelung, FBA (26 December 1930 – 9 May 2023) was a German author and scholar of Islamic history widely recognised for his contributions to the fields of Islamic and Iranian studies. He was appreciated in Iran for his "knowledgeable and fair" treatment of the Shia perspective. In the obituary of the Institute of Ismaili Studies (London) where Madelung worked his last years, it reads: "With particular reference to religious schools and movements in early Islam, his studies, based on a vast array of primary sources, have enriched the discipline’s understanding of almost every major Muslim movement and community – not only early Imami Shi‘ism and the later developments of Twelver, Ismaili and Zaydi Islam but also the lesser known aspects of Sunni, Khariji and the Mu‘tazili schools of theology and philosophy."

Yoest is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Bill Yoest (born 1951), American football player
Charmaine Yoest (born 1964), American writer and commentator

The 1912 Brooklyn Trolley Dodgers finished in seventh place with a 58–95 record.

The 2023 Scheldeprijs was the 111th edition of the Scheldeprijs road cycling one day race, which was held on 5 April 2023. It was a 1.Pro event on the 2023 UCI ProSeries. The race, which was 205.3 kilometres (127.6 mi) long, started in Terneuzen in the Netherlands and finished in Schoten on the outskirts of Antwerp.

Antonio Juan de Vildósola y Mier (1829-Bilbao, December 31, 1893) was a Spanish writer, politician and journalist.

Bapara is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Francis Walker in 1865 and is known from Australia and New Guinea.

Behrman Stadium is a sports playing facility located in Algiers, New Orleans. It is a 5,000-seat stadium with standing-room only areas in the end zone.

Christopher Patton (born 1969) is a Canadian poet.
Patton received a $10,000 writing grant from the Canada Council for the Arts in 1998, and has written at Yaddo and the MacDowell Colony. Characteristic subjects in Patton's writing include nature, spiritual experience, the connection between those two, and what it means to see. His poetry has been published in literary journals such as The Paris Review, The Antioch Review, Western Humanities Review, FIELD, and The Fiddlehead. Some of his poems were published in The New Canon: An Anthology of Canadian Poetry (Carmine Starnino, 2006).
Patton's children's book Jack Pine, illustrated by Cybèle Young, was published in July 2007 by Groundwood Books. In 2008 the Vancouver Opera commissioned a children's opera based on Jack Pine, to be performed by the Vancouver Opera in Schools touring ensemble. The opera, composed by British Columbian songwriter Veda Hille, toured British Columbia schools throughout 2009.
Patton was awarded the Bernard F. Connors Prize for Poetry for his "Broken Ground", chosen "the finest poem over 200 lines published in The Paris Review" in 2000. "Broken Ground" was included in Patton's first book of poetry, Ox, which was published by Véhicule Press in September 2007. Ox was selected as a finalist for the 2008 Dorothy Livesay Poetry Prize.

Christopher Sly is a minor character in William Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew. He is a drunk man who is easily dominated by women, set up as a foil to Petruchio, the central male character in the play.

Dyliivka (Ukrainian: Диліївка) is a rural settlement in Bakhmut Raion, Donetsk Oblast, eastern Ukraine. Administratively, it is part of Toretsk urban hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine.

Gezaz (Persian: گزاز) is a village in, and the capital of, Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil province, Iran.

Girl Clock! is a 2010 Australian comedy feature film directed and produced by Jennifer Ussi and written by Adam Couper and Jennifer Ussi. The film stars Veronica Neave in the leading role, with Queenie van de Zandt and Catarina Hebbard as supporting cast.
Christine is over 40 and wants to have a baby. She seeks support from best friends Mikki and Margo.

Harrison House is a university residence at the University of New Brunswick, Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada. It was built in 1962 as part of the largest building program at UNB which included several other residences and faculty buildings.  When it was built, it was operated as an all-male residence, but from September 1991 to present, it has been a co-ed residence on the UNB Fredericton campus. The mascot for Harrison is the Husky and the house colours consist of red, and black.

Ivan Blažević (born 25 July 1992 in Zagreb) is a Croatian football midfielder, currently playing for NK Bratstvo Kunovec.

KVW or kvw may refer to:

KVW, the station code for Kot Daya Kishen railway station, Pakistan
kvw, the ISO 639-3 code for Wersing language, Indonesia

Lycideops is an extinct genus of therocephalians from the Late Permian of South Africa. The type species is Lycideops longiceps, named in 1931 by South African paleontologist Robert Broom. Fossils of Lycideops come from the Dicynodon Assemblage Zone of the Beaufort Group. Lycideops is a member of the family Lycideopidae. Like other lycideopids, Lycideops has a long snout.

The McMaster Faculty of Engineering is a faculty located at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario. The faculty was established in 1958 and was the first engineering program to developed problem-based learning curriculum. It currently has seven departments in chemical engineering, civil engineering, computing and software, electrical and computer engineering, engineering physics, material science and engineering and mechanical engineering. The faculty offers bachelors, masters, and doctoral degrees.
The faculty is home to 1 Canada Excellence Research Chair, 13 Canada Research Chairs, 4 Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council chairs, and 14 Endowed Chairs.

The National Association of Home Builders (NAHB) is one of the largest trade associations in the United States, representing the interests of home builders, remodelers, developers, contractors, and associated businesses. NAHB is headquartered in Washington, D.C.

Patrick Cronin (1921 - 21 February 1991) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for club sides Béal Átha'n Ghaorthaidh and Fermoy, and at inter-county level with the Cork senior football team. He usually lined out as a right wing-back.

Régis Simon (born 19 March 1958, in Troyes) is a French former professional road bicycle racer. He is the brother of former professional cyclists Pascal, Jérôme and François Simon. Régis Simon won a stage in the 1985 Tour de France.

Signal modulation is the process of varying one or more properties of a periodic waveform in electronics and telecommunication for the purpose of transmitting information.
The process encodes information in the form of a message signal modulated onto a carrier signal to be transmitted. For example, the message signal might be an audio signal representing sound from a microphone, a video signal representing moving images from a video camera, or a digital signal representing a sequence of binary digits, a bitstream from a computer. 
Carrier waves are necessary when the frequency of the message is too low to practically transmit. Generally, receiving a radio wave requires a radio antenna with a length that is one-fourth of the wavelength of the transmitted wave.  For low-frequency radio waves, wavelength is on the scale of kilometers and building such a large antenna is not practical.
Another purpose of modulation is to transmit multiple channels of information through a single communication medium, using frequency-division multiplexing (FDM). For example, in cable television (which uses FDM), many carrier signals, each modulated with a different television channel, are transported through a single cable to customers. Since each carrier occupies a different frequency, the channels do not interfere with each other. At the destination end, the carrier signal is demodulated to extract the information-bearing modulation signal.
A modulator is a device or circuit that performs modulation. A demodulator (sometimes detector) is a circuit that performs demodulation, the inverse of modulation. A modem (from modulator–demodulator), used in bidirectional communication, can perform both operations. The lower frequency band occupied by the modulation signal is called the baseband, while the higher frequency band occupied by the modulated carrier is called the passband.
Signal modulation techniques are fundamental methods used in wireless communication to encode information onto a carrier wave by varying its amplitude, frequency, or phase. Key techniques and their typical applications  
Types of Signal Modulation

Amplitude Shift Keying (ASK): Varies the amplitude of the carrier signal to represent data. Simple and energy efficient, but vulnerable to noise. Used in RFID and sensor networks.
Frequency Shift Keying (FSK): Changes the frequency of the carrier signal to encode information. Resistant to noise, simple in implementation, often used in telemetry and paging systems.
Phase Shift Keying (PSK): Modifies the phase of the carrier signal based on data. Common forms include Binary PSK (BPSK) and Quadrature PSK (QPSK), used in Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and cellular networks. Offers good spectral efficiency and robustness against interference.
Quadrature Amplitude Modulation (QAM): Simultaneously varies both amplitude and phase to transmit multiple bits per symbol, increasing data rates. Used extensively in Wi-Fi, cable television, and LTE systems.
Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM): Splits the data across multiple, closely spaced sub-carriers, each modulated separately (often with QAM or PSK). Provides high spectral efficiency and robustness in multipath environments and is widely used in WLAN, LTE, and WiMAX.
Other advanced techniques:

Amplitude Phase Shift Keying (APSK): Combines features of PSK and QAM, mainly used in satellite communications for improved power efficiency.
Spread Spectrum (e.g., DSSS): Spreads the signal energy across a wide band for robust, low probability of intercept transmission.
In analog modulation, an analog modulation signal is "impressed" on the carrier. Examples are amplitude modulation (AM) in which the amplitude (strength) of the carrier wave is varied by the modulation signal, and frequency modulation (FM) in which the frequency of the carrier wave is varied by the modulation signal. These were the earliest types of modulation, and are used to transmit an audio signal representing sound in AM and FM radio broadcasting. More recent systems use digital modulation, which impresses a digital signal consisting of a sequence of binary digits (bits), a bitstream, on the carrier, by means of mapping bits to elements from a discrete alphabet to be transmitted. This alphabet can consist of a set of real or complex numbers, or sequences, like oscillations of different frequencies, so-called frequency-shift keying (FSK) modulation. A more complicated digital modulation method that employs multiple carriers, orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing (OFDM), is used in WiFi networks, digital radio stations and digital cable television transmission.

Wang Zixuan (Chinese: 王紫璇; born 12 November 1992) is a Chinese actress known for her role as Gu Ying in the web drama Tientsin Mystic (2017).

The 1948 AAA Championship Car season consisted of 12 races, beginning in Arlington, Texas on April 25 and concluding in Du Quoin, Illinois on October 10.  The AAA National Champion was Ted Horn, and the Indianapolis 500 winner was Mauri Rose. Ralph Hepburn was killed at Indianapolis in practice, and Ted Horn was killed at the last race in DuQuoin.

Allen Jones (December 24, 1739 – November 10, 1798) was an American planter, American Revolution brigadier general of the Halifax District Brigade, and statesman from Edgecombe County, North Carolina.

The Bastide Les Brégues d'Or is a historic bastide in Luynes, a village near Aix-en-Provence, France.

Cyril Everard Palmer (15 October 1930 – 16 June 2013) was a Jamaican writer.

Heinrich Rückert (14 February 1823, in Coburg – 11 September 1875, in Breslau) was a German historian and Germanist. He was the son of orientalist and poet Friedrich Rückert (1788–1866).
From 1840 to 1844 he studied classical and German philology at the universities of Erlangen, Bonn and Berlin. In 1845 he obtained his habilitation for German history and archaeology at the University of Jena, and later on, relocated to Breslau, where in 1852 he became an associate professor (full professor 1867). In 1852 he was a founding member of the Verein für Thüringische Geschichte und Alterthumskunde (Society of Thuringian History and Antiquities).

Jagger Eaton's Mega Life is an American docuseries that aired on Nickelodeon from September 9, 2016, to April 2, 2017. The series stars Jagger Eaton.

James William Holt (May 27, 1944 – March 29, 2019) was an American professional baseball outfielder and first baseman.

Lab Girl is a 2016 memoir by the American geochemist, geobiologist and professor Hope Jahren, published by Alfred A. Knopf. It is the recipient of the National Book Critics Circle Award for Autobiography, a New York Times notable book, winner of the American Association for the Advancement of Science prize for Excellence in Science Books, a finalist for the PEN/E.O. Wilson Literary Science Writing Award, and was named one of the Best Books of the Year by The Washington Post, Time, NPR, Slate, Entertainment Weekly, Newsday, Minneapolis Star Tribune and Kirkus Reviews.

The Mathematical Olympiad Cell (MO Cell) is a body of permanent faculty devoted to organizing and conducting the mathematical Olympiads in India, in particular, the Indian National Mathematical Olympiad and the International Mathematical Olympiad Training Camp. The MO Cell has three main members:

B.J. Venkatachala
Prithwijit De
N.V. Tejaswi (who replaced C.R. Pranesachar after he retired in April, 2013)
There are a number of other faculty who work part-time in conjunction with the MO Cell by sending problems for the Olympiads, participating in training activities, going as Leader/Deputy Leader, and participating in regional co-ordination.
The members of the MO Cell used to operate solely from the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, based on an agreement, and Prof. Venkatachala still does so. The two new members, Dr. De and Dr. Tejaswi, function from the HBCSE, where the IMO Training Camp was held until 3 years ago, and from where co-ordination for the outgoing team is managed.

Michael Panes is an American actor, writer, musician and composer.

Nippon Charge Service is a joint venture of Toyota Motor Corporation, Nissan Motor Company, Honda Motor Company, Mitsubishi Motors Corporation and Development Bank of Japan established with the goal of creating a charging network for electric vehicles in Japan.

Novotny Mähner Assoziierte (N+M, Novotny Mähner & Associates) is an architect company based in Offenbach am Main. It was founded by Fritz Novotny and Arthur Mähner. Their design is puristic and clear.

Quercus hintonii is a rare species of oak. It is endemic to the central Mexican State of Mexico.
It is a deciduous tree growing up to 15 metres (49 feet) tall with a trunk as much as 50 centimetres (20 inches) in diameter. The leaves are thick and leathery, up to 21 cm long, elliptical or egg-shaped, very often with no teeth or lobes but sometimes with a few pointed teeth.
The species is threatened by habitat loss.

The Saxon Class III b were German steam locomotives built for the Royal Saxon State Railways (Königlich Sächsische Staatseisenbahnen) in the late 19th century as tender locomotives for express train duties. In 1925, the Deutsche Reichsbahn incorporated the engines into DRG Class 34.77-78.
Between 1873 and 1901, a total of 204 locomotives were delivered to the Royal Saxon State Railways by the firms of  Hartmann, Henschel and Schwartzkopff. During the course of their manufacture there were continual modifications. Eighteen were built as compound engines.
The Reichsbahn took over 91 machines and gave them the running numbers 34 7701, 34 7702, 34 7721–34 7808.

Starfish and Coffee were an American pop/rock band from Atlanta, Georgia.  Their name comes from a song written by Prince and Susannah Melvoin on Prince's 1987 double album Sign o' the Times.

In 1922, the United Daughters of the Confederacy donated a statue of Alfred Mouton, a Confederate general in the American Civil War, to the City of Lafayette, Louisiana, United States. The donation was without condition, and the statue was erected on city property in front of the City Hall.
 
The sculptor's identity is unknown.
The Lafayette community organization Move the Mindset was founded in 2016 by Fred Prejean and others. 
A major goal of the organization was to gain local support for relocating the Alfred Mouton statue from the former City Hall site in downtown Lafayette to an educational site, museum, or Civil War battlefield.
That goal was achieved on July 21, 2020, when the city/parish council and mayor/president Josh Guillory gave their unanimous support for moving the statue.

The United Daughters of the Confederacy initially opposed the move, 
but on July 16, 2021, they 
signed a settlement agreeing that the city would bear the cost for moving the statue to another location. It was removed the next day. The statue was moved to Camp Moore, a former Confederate military camp and now historic site in Kentwood, Louisiana.

TransHab was a program pursued by NASA in the late 1990s to develop the technology for expandable habitats inflated by air in space. TransHab was intended as a replacement for the existing rigid International Space Station crew Habitation Module. When deflated, inflatable modules provide an 'easier to launch' compact form. When fully inflated, TransHab would expand to 8.2 metres (27 ft) in diameter (compare to the 4.4-metre (14 ft) diameter of the Columbus ISS Module).

Tsuen King Circuit (Chinese: 荃景圍) is an area and a road in Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong. It is located on a hill in the northwest of the Chai Wan Kok Industrial Area, so it was also called "West Chai Wan Kok". There are mainly private housing estates in this area.

Vestmannaeyjagöng is a proposed undersea tunnel in Iceland, linking the archipelago Vestmannaeyjar to the Icelandic mainland. As of 2025, the only connections to Vestmannaeyjar are the ferry Herjólfur and seasonal flights to Vestmannaeyjar Airport.

West Caln Township is a township in Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 9,014 at the time of the 2010 census.

General elections were held in the British Virgin Islands on 1 September 1975.  The result was one of the most confused in the Territory's history, but is officially recorded as a victory for the United Party led by Willard Wheatley over the opposition Virgin Islands Party (VIP) led by former Chief Minister Lavity Stoutt.  
In reality the election provided no clear consensus, and when the election was over, successful candidates dropped their prior allegiances and tried to broker deals that would enable them to secure power. At the end of this process Willard Wheatley retained his role as Chief Minister and led a coalition loosely affiliated to the United Party. But as has been recorded: "The 1975 General Elections did not produce a clear majority for any party and the loyalties, which appeared to have existed prior to and in the course of the election campaign, fell apart in the aftermath.  Mr. W.W. Wheatly again emerged as Chief Minister, but with a different team."

The Spain Rally Superchampionship (from spanish: Super Campeonato de Espana de Rally) is a rallying series run over the course of a year. The 2022 season is the 4th season of the series and is composed of 10 rounds in total. The season began on March 4 with Rally Tierras Altas de Lorca and is set to finish on December 16 with the non-point scoring round, Rallyshow Madrid.

Albert Hermann Vermeer (1911–1980), known as Al Vermeer, was an American cartoonist.  Vermeer created the comic strip Priscilla's Pop.

Gabriel "Biel" Company Vives (born 16 February 1992), is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Manacor as a right back.

The Bishop of Stepney is an episcopal title used by a suffragan bishop of the Church of England Diocese of London, in the Province of Canterbury, England. The title takes its name after Stepney, an inner-city district in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. The See was vacant since Joanne Grenfell's translation to St Edmundsbury and Ipswich on 5 September 2025. On 20 March 2026, the Venerable Rod Green, Archdeacon of Llandaff in the Church in Wales, was announced as the next bishop. He will be consecrated on 1 May 2026 at St Paul’s Cathedral.

Bukharian, also known as Judeo-Bukharic and Judeo-Tajik (autonym: Bukhori, בוכארי, Бухорӣ, Buxorī), is a Judeo-Persian dialect historically spoken by the Bukharan Jews of Central Asia. It is a Jewish dialect derived from—and largely mutually intelligible with—the Eastern Persian varieties of Tajiki and Dari.

Charles Wesley Moore (1939 or 1940 – September 12, 2024) was an American college football coach and player. He served as the head football coach at Bethune–Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, from 1973 to 1975, Langston University in Langston, Oklahoma, in 1977, and the University of the District of Columbia in 1983, compiling a career college football coaching record of 30–23–1.
Moore was hired as the head football coach and athletic director at Langston in 1978.  He resigned in February 1979 after leading Langston to a record of 3–7 in 1978.
Moore died on September 12, 2024, at the age of 84.

Cucuba is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

Frank Ernest Bromige (5 July 1902 – 23 December 1979) was a British architect of the Modernist and Art Deco styles. He is principally known for designing leisure buildings, especially cinemas, working mainly in Greater London and surrounding areas.

Granite Rock Township is one of the twenty-six townships of Redwood County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 241 at the 2000 census.
Granite Rock Township was organized in 1890, and named for the granite rock formations in the Redwood River valley.

In Greek mythology, Hippalmus or Hippalmos (Ancient Greek: Ἵππαλμόν or Ἵππαλμος) may refer to the following personages:

Hippalmus, a chieftain of the Arachotes and Dersaioi, who armed themselves against Dionysus in the Indian War. He is father of Billaeus and Pyloites.
Hippalmus, one of the Calydonian boar hunters who along with Pelagon was attacked by the boar. Their bodies was taken up by their comrades and they survived the attack.
Hippalmus, alternative name of Hippalcimus, son of Itonus (himself son of Boeotus). He was the father by Asterope of Peneleos, one of the Boeotian leaders.
Hippalmus, an Achaean warrior who participated in the Trojan War. He was slain by the Amazon queen, Penthesilia.

Iota Ceti is a star system in the equatorial  constellation of Cetus. Its name is a Bayer designation that is Latinized from ι Ceti, and abbreviated Iota Cet or ι Cet. It has the traditional name Deneb Kaitos Shemali. The name was from the Arabic word ذنب قيطس الشمالي - dhanab qayṭas al-shamālī, meaning the northern tail of the sea monster. it is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 3.562. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 11.7 mas, it lies around 279 light-years (85 pc) from the Sun. The system is drifting further away with a line of sight velocity component of +19 km/s.
In Chinese, 天倉 (Tiān Cāng), meaning Square Celestial Granary, refers to an asterism consisting of ι Ceti, η Ceti, θ Ceti, ζ Ceti, τ Ceti and 57 Ceti. Consequently, the Chinese name for ι Ceti itself is 天倉一 (Tiān Cāng yī, English: the First Star of Square Celestial Granary.)
This is an MK-standard star with a stellar classification of K1.5 III, indicating that it is an evolved K-type giant star. However, Houk and Swift (1999) list a classification of K1 II, which would indicate this is a bright giant. It is a suspected variable with a visual amplitude of around 0.05 magnitude. The star has about 3.7 times the mass of the Sun, 30 times the Sun's radius, and radiates 380 times the solar luminosity from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 4,645 K.
Iota Ceti forms a wide astrometric pair with a common proper motion companion, a magnitude 10.40 star at an angular separation of 106.4 arcseconds along a position angle of 191° (as of 2014). This companion may be a K-type star.

This is an incomplete list of the cotton and other textile mills that were located within the modern-day boundaries of the ceremonial county of Lancashire, England. The first mills were built in the 1760s, in Derbyshire using the Arkwright system and were powered by the water. When stationary steam engines were introduced they still needed water, so the mills were built along rivers and canals. As a broad rule of thumb, spinning mills were built in the south-east of the county, and weaving sheds to the north and west.  Parts of Lancashire have been subsumed into Greater Manchester and Merseyside, and are not included in this list. Parts of Yorkshire are now included in this county.

Reymert is a ghost town in Pinal County, Arizona, United States.
Reymert was originally established around a post office that began operation on June 6, 1890. Reymert was named after its founder, James DeNoon Reymart, who also founded the adjacent milling and smelting town of DeNoon. James Reymert also was the editor of the Pinal Drill newspaper published in the nearby town of Pinal City.
The town's occupants largely worked at Reymert Mine, until work there stopped in the 1950s. Originally a silver mine, later a silver-manganese mine, it was located approximately five miles southwest of Superior. A Phoenix-based company bulldozed the remnants of the town in the late 1970s. The remains of two processing kilns still exist, as well as a number of stacked stone foundations.

Rjukan Arbeiderblad, commonly known as RA, is a Norwegian newspaper, based in Rjukan and owned by Amedia. It was established in 1923 by the local Labour movement. First editor was Axel Sømme, who edited the newspaper from 1923 to 1924. Trond Hegna was editor-in-chief from 1924.

Romrod (German pronunciation: [ˈʁɔmʁoːt] ) is a small town in the Vogelsbergkreis in central Hesse, Germany.

The Invention of Art: A Cultural History (2001) is an art history book  by Larry Shiner, Emeritus Professor of Philosophy, History, and Visual Arts at the University of Illinois Springfield. Shiner spent over a decade to finish the work of this book.

Trosia flavida is a moth of the Megalopygidae family. It was described by Paul Dognin in 1911.



Wiltshire North and Bath was a United Kingdom European Parliament constituency, electing one member. As a result of a boundary reorganization, it came into being for the European Parliament election of 1994 and ceased to exist in 1999, when the United Kingdom abandoned the first-past-the-post system in single-member constituencies for the European elections in England, Scotland and Wales.
Wiltshire North and Bath consisted of the Westminster Parliament constituencies (on their 1983 boundaries) of Bath, Devizes, North Wiltshire, Swindon, Wansdyke, and Westbury. Its only Member of the European Parliament was Caroline Jackson.
The constituency came to an end in 1999, when the UK adopted a form of proportional representation within much larger regional constituencies, and Wiltshire North and Bath was merged into the new South West England European Parliament constituency.

Yakut nationalism refers to the belief that the Yakuts (or Sakha) should constitute an independent nation. Some attempts have been made to create an independent state for the Yakut people, such as the Tungus Republic, while others aimed for higher autonomy within Russia, such as the Yakut revolt.

The 1882–83 season was the fifth season in the history of West Bromwich Albion Football Club. This was the club's first season at their fourth ground, the Four Acres. The ground had been home to the West Bromwich Dartmouth Cricket Club since 1834, but the cricket club allowed Albion to play football matches there on Saturdays and Mondays. The club wore two different kits during 1882–83: as well as the chocolate and blue halves from the previous season, the club also sported narrow red and white hoops.
Albion won their first ever trophy when they defeated Stoke 3–2 in the final of the Staffordshire Senior Cup, winning the competition at the first attempt. They also reached the final of the Wednesbury Charity Cup, but lost 5–3 to Notts Rangers. In the Birmingham Senior Cup, Albion reached the fourth round, having registered their record competitive victory—a 26–0 win against Coseley—in round one.
It was the first season in which Albion fielded a reserve side in addition to their first team; the club's second team played 24 matches and went through the season undefeated.

Aruvi (; transl. Waterfalls) is a 2017 Indian Tamil-language crime drama film written and directed by Arun Prabu Purushothaman, in his directorial debut. Produced and distributed by S. R. Prakash Babu and S. R. Prabhu of Dream Warrior Pictures, the film stars Aditi Balan, Anjali Vardhan, and Lakshmi Gopalaswamy, while Pradeep Antony and Mohammad Ali Baig play supporting roles. The film portrays the events that occur in the life of Aruvi, a rebellious young woman who seeks to expose the consumerist and misogynistic nature of modern civilisation, while attempting to find meaning during a period of existential crisis.
Arun Prabu Purushothaman wrote a script based on global conflicts in late-2009, but as the scripting took a long time to materialise, he later halted the project and worked on another script in late-2013 which became Aruvi. The film revolves around how HIV patients are treated in society, and for the titular character, Prabu had approached leading actresses, however they rejected the script because of the sensitive nature in the topic and eventually, Aditi Balan was selected through an audition. The entire cast and crew were consisted of newcomers, Shelley Calist handled the cinematography, Raymond Derrick Crasta edited the film and indie musicians Bindhumalini and Vedanth Bharadwaj composed the film's soundtrack and score.
The film began pre-production in mid-2014 and was shot within six months across Chennai, Trivandrum and Kochi. Aruvi was premiered at various film festival circuits, the first public screening was held at the Shanghai International Film Festival held during 14 June 2016. It was theatrically released worldwide on 15 December 2017 to highly positive reviews from critics. It was praised for the performances of the cast, especially of Balan, the film's direction and other technical aspects. It was considered one of the '25 Greatest Tamil Films of the Decade' by Film Companion.
At the 65th Filmfare Awards South, Aditi Balan won the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actress – Tamil, the only win out of its four nominations at the ceremony. The film additionally won two South Indian International Movie Awards, two Vijay Awards, a Techofes Award, two Edison Awards, four Norway Tamil Film Festival Awards, four Ananda Vikatan Cinema Awards and two Tamil Nadu State Film Awards. The film was a financial success, grossing ₹350 million against a budget of ₹10 million.

Aviastar-TU Flight 1906 was a Tupolev Tu-204 that crashed while attempting to land at Domodedovo International Airport, Moscow, Russia, in heavy fog on 22 March 2010. The aircraft was on a ferry flight from Hurghada International Airport, Egypt to Moscow, and had no passengers on board; all eight crew survived the accident, four with serious injuries requiring hospitalization and four with minor injuries. The accident was the first hull loss of a Tu-204 and the first hull loss for Aviastar-TU.
Investigators determined the cause of the accident to be failure of the autopilot system and poor cockpit crew performance.

The Clavinova is a long-running line of digital pianos created by the Yamaha Corporation. The name is a portmanteau of the two words Clavier meaning 'keyboard instrument” and nova meaning “new”.
It is similar in function to an acoustic piano but also includes many features common to various electronic keyboards, such as the ability to save/load songs and to play demo songs, including original Yamaha compositions, and the ability to play in a variety of voices. More recent models can be connected to a computer via USB or wireless network for music production or interactive piano lesson programs.
In 2023, the Clavinova celebrated the 40th anniversary of its debut in 1983.

Eat Locals is a 2017 vampire film directed by Jason Flemyng, in his directorial debut. It is a British production and was filmed on location in Hertfordshire. A group of vampire lords gather for a summit to discuss quotas, but are attacked by special forces soldiers. The film received generally negative reviews.

In computing, execution is the process by which a computer program is processed to perform the actions that it encodes. As the processor follows the program instructions, effects are produced in accordance with the semantics of those instructions. The term run is generally synonymous. The act of starting execution is often called launching or invoking in addition to executing and running.
An execution processor comes in many forms. A machine code program may be executed via the programmable interface of a computer where execution involves repeatedly following a fetch–decode–execute cycle for each program instruction executed by the control unit. Source code may be executed by interpreter software. A program may be executed in a batch process without human interaction or a user may type commands in an interactive session.

Florence Donald Shapiro (born May 2, 1948) is an American politician from Texas. Her political career lasted over 30 years and coincided with Plano's growth from a bedroom community of 17,000 to a city of almost 300,000 residents. She served on the Plano City Council from 1979 to 1990 and served as the city's first female and Jewish elected mayor from 1990 to 1992.
As a Republican, Shapiro served in the Texas Senate from 1993 to 2013, representing District 2 from 1993 to 1995 and District 8 from 1995 until her retirement in 2013. Her constituency was centered in Collin County in the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex, especially the city of Plano.
In the Texas Senate, Shapiro chaired the State Affairs Committee and the chamber's Education Committee from 2003 to 2013.

Geraldo Pereira may refer to:

Gerald Pereira (1929–1976), Indian freedom fighter, author, lawyer and trade unionist.
Geraldo Dutra Pereira (born 1963), Brazilian footballer
Geraldo Rocha Pereira (born 1994), Brazilian footballer
Geraldo Theodoro Pereira (1918-1955), Brazilian composer and samba star
Geraldo Touro (born 1958), full name Geraldo Pereira, Brazilian footballer

Giovanni Antonio Fasolo (1530–1572) was a late Renaissance Italian painter of the Venetian school, active in Vicenza and surroundings.
A native of Mandello del Lario, he appears to have trained in the Venice studio of Paolo Veronese. By 1557, he was an independent fresco decorator. He worked at the frescoes of some buildings by Andrea Palladio, like Villa Caldogno (with Giovanni Battista Zelotti), Casa Cogollo, and Palazzo del Capitaniato (his last work). He also decorated with Zelotti the Palazzo Porto Colleoni Thiene at Thiene. In 1572 he died by an incident when he was working at the ceiling of the loggia of the Palazzo del Capitaniato in Vicenza.
One of his pupils was Alessandro Maganza.

Joseph J. Nigro (April 27, 1950 – October 24, 2018) was an American labor union leader.
Born in Quincy, Massachusetts, Nigro became a sheet metal worker in Boston, and joined the Sheet Metal Workers' International Association.  In 2011, he won election as general president of the international union.  He also became a vice-president of the AFL-CIO.
As leader of the union, he completed a merger which formed the International Association of Sheet Metal, Air, Rail and Transportation Workers.  He became the new union's founding president, but was in increasingly poor health and so retired in 2015.  He died three years later.

Kampfgeschwader 2 Holzhammer (KG 2/Battle Wing 2) was a Luftwaffe bomber unit during the Second World War. The unit was formed in May 1939. The unit operated the Dornier Do 17 light bomber, Dornier Do 217 and Junkers Ju 188 heavy bombers.
During the course of the Second World War KG 2 lost 767 aircraft destroyed and 158 damaged. According to H.L. de Zeng at al, it suffered 1,908 personnel killed in action or missing in action and 214 as prisoners of war. Broken down further, for the duration of the war KG 2 lost 1,228 killed, 688 missing, 656 wounded and with 214 captured, for a total of 2,786 in both combat and non-combat operations.

Konrad is a German masculine given name (with variants Kunz and Kunze) that means 'bold counselor'. Notable people with the name include:

Konrad Adenauer (1876–1967), German politician, Chancellor of Germany 1949–1963
Konrad Arras (1876–1930), Estonian politician
Konrad Bayer (1932–1964), Austrian writer and poet
Konrad Emil Bloch (1912–2000), German-born American biochemist
Konrad Boehmer (1941–2014), Dutch composer
Konrad Bukowiecki (born 1997), Polish athlete
Konrad Carl (1930–2026), German trade union leader
Konrad Czerniak (born 1989), Polish swimmer
Konrad Dahl (1843–1931), Norwegian writer and priest
Konrad Dannenberg (1912–2009), German rocket scientist
Konrad de la Fuente (born 2001), American soccer player
Konrad Dobler (born 1957), German long-distance runner
Konrad Duden (1829–1911), German philologist
Konrad Eleryk (born 1989), Polish actor
Konrad Fünfstück (born 1980), German manager of Liechtenstein
Konrad Gehringer (1939–2003), German inventor
Konrad Gessner (1516–1565), Swiss naturalist
Konrad Gilges (born 1941), German politician
Konrad Grob (1828–1904), Swiss painter
Konrad Heiden (1901–1966), German writer
Konrad Henlein (1898–1945), Czechoslovak politician
Konrad Hirsch (1900–1924), Norwegian-Swedish footballer
Konrad Kaspersen (1948–2023), Norwegian jazz musician
Konrad Kellen (1913–2007), American political scientist
Konrad Koch (1846–1911), German teacher and football pioneer
Konrad Knudsen (1890–1959), Norwegian painter, journalist, and parliamentarian
Konrad Knutsen (1925–2012), Norwegian civil servant
Konrad Kujau (1938–2000), German illustrator and forger
Konrad Laimer (born 1997), Austrian Footballer
Konrad Lorenz (1903–1989), Austrian scientist
Konrad Mägi (1878–1925), Estonian painter
Konrad Morgen (1909–1982), German SS lawyer
Konrad Nielsen (1875–1953), Norwegian philologist
Konrad Nordahl (1897–1975), Norwegian trade unionist and politician
Konrad Osterwalder (1942–2025), Swiss mathematician and physicist
Konrad "Conny" Plank (1940–1987), German record producer, musician, and sound engineer
Konrad Püschel (1907–1997), German architect and Bauhaus student
Konrad Rudnicki (1926–2013), Polish astronomer
Konrad Salbu (1903–1986), Norwegian chess player
Konrad Sundlo (1881–1965), Norwegian military officer and politician
Konrad Szołajski (born 1956), Polish film director
Konrad Tuchscherer (born 1970), American historian
Konrad von Lichtenberg (1240–1299), German bishop
Konrad von Marburg (1180–1233), German inquisitor
Konrad von Würzburg (died 1287), German poet
Konrad Wolf (1925–1982), German film director
Konrad Zuse (1910–1995), German computer scientist

Pune district is a district in state of Maharashtra in India. There are 15 talukas (talukas) in Pune district (including 2 city talukas). The 15 talukas are divided into following 5 district subdivisions.

Lost Peak is a 6,515-foot-elevation (1,986-meter) mountain summit located within Olympic National Park in Jefferson County of Washington state. Part of the Olympic Mountains, Lost Peak is situated immediately northeast of Lost Pass, and is set within the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness. Precipitation runoff from the mountain drains east into the Dosewallips River, and west into the headwaters of the Lost River. Neighbors include line parent Mount Cameron, 0.8 mi (1.3 km) to the north, along with Mount Fromme and Mount Claywood, both 1.8 mi (2.9 km) to the southwest. Topographic relief is significant as the southeast aspect rises 2,500 feet (760 meters) above the Dosewallips River in approximately one mile. This landform's name has been officially adopted by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names. The origin of the "Lost" name is unknown, but a park ranger once described the river area as a "good place to get lost" because of the confusing and difficult travel.

The Maharashtra Bhushan  is a highest civilian award presented annually by the Government of Maharashtra State in India.
When the Shivsena- BJP alliance came to power in 1995, it proposed to institute this award. The Maharashtra Bhushan was first awarded in 1996. It was initially conferred in every years in the fields of Literature, Art, Sport, and Science. Later the fields of Social Work, Journalism,  and Public Administration and Health Services were included. The award is presented for outstanding achievement in their field.

The information about the mother of Ashoka (c. 3rd century BCE), the 3rd Mauryan emperor of ancient India, varies between different sources. Ashoka's own inscriptions and the main texts that provide information about his life (such as Ashokavadana and Mahavamsa) do not name his mother. The Asokavadanamala names her Subhadrangi, while Vamsatthapakasini calls her Dharma (Pali: Dhamma). Different texts variously describe her as a Brahmin or a Kshatriya.

Neomuretia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apiaceae. It includes two species native to Western Asia, ranging from Turkey to Iraq and Iran.

Neomuretia amplifolia (Boiss. & Hausskn.) Kljuykov, Degtjareva & Zakharova – northern and northeastern Iraq and northwestern Iran
Neomuretia pisidica (Kit Tan) Kljuykov, Degtjareva & Zakharova – Turkey

Rosiny [rɔˈɕinɨ] (German: Rosenfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przelewice, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.

Solniki Wielkie [sɔlˈniki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierutów, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.

William Christopher (1932–2016) was an American actor and comedian.
William Christopher or Billy Christopher may also refer to:

William R. Christopher (1924–1973), American artist and civil rights activist
William Christopher of Baden-Baden, (1628–1652), German priest and nobleman
William Christopher (long jumper), winner of the 1943 NCAA DI outdoor long jump title

On 26 November 2025, the president of Guinea-Bissau, Umaro Sissoco Embaló, was arrested as part of a coup d'état carried out by Head of the Military Office of the Presidency Brigadier General Dinis Incanha. Military officers declared "total control" over the country and established the High Military Command for the Restoration of National Security and Public Order led by General Horta Inta-A Na Man. The coup occurred a day before the results of the 2025 Guinea-Bissau general election held on 23 November, in which Embaló was running for reelection, were expected to be officially announced.

Akiko Sekine (関根 明子, Sekine Akiko; née Hirao; born August 30, 1975) is an athlete from Japan, who competes in triathlon. She competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She took seventeenth place with a total time of 2:04:18.70. She also competed at the second Olympic triathlon at the 2004 Summer Olympics.  She took twelfth place with a total time of 2:07:34.02.

In the mathematics of tessellations, a non-periodic tiling is a tiling that does not have any translational symmetry. An aperiodic set of prototiles is a set of tile-types that can tile, but only non-periodically. The tilings produced by one of these sets of prototiles may be called aperiodic tilings.
The Penrose tilings are a well-known example of aperiodic tilings. 
In March 2023, four researchers, David Smith, Joseph Samuel Myers, Craig S. Kaplan, and Chaim Goodman-Strauss, announced the proof that the tile discovered by David Smith is an aperiodic monotile, i.e., a solution to the einstein problem, a problem that seeks the existence of any single shape aperiodic tile. In May 2023 the same authors published a chiral aperiodic monotile with similar but stronger constraints.
Aperiodic tilings serve as mathematical models for quasicrystals, physical solids that were discovered in 1982 by Dan Shechtman who subsequently won the Nobel prize in 2011. However, the specific local structure of these materials is still poorly understood.
Several methods for constructing aperiodic tilings are known.

Brian Stanley Boshier (6 March 1932 – 2 September 2009) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Leicestershire County Cricket Club between 1953 and 1964.
Boshier, a very tall right arm seam bowler, took 510 wickets in his first-class cricket career at an average of 23 runs per wicket. He was accurate in length and when conditions were helpful he used all of his 196 centimetres (6 feet 5 inches) to extract steep bounce.
Boshier took five wickets in an innings 23 times and recorded his best figures, 8/45, against Essex in 1957, besides also taking ten wickets in a match against Lancashire in 1960. Boshier took 108 wickets in 1958, the year he was awarded his county cap, and the same number, 108, in 1961, when he finished second in the English national bowling averages for the season, but failed so badly against the Australians that he was never considered for representative honours. The following year, a succession of injuries limited Boshier to ten games, and he never recovered from these setbacks, being released by Leicestershire at the end of 1964.
A "rabbit" with no pretensions to batting ability, Boshier scored just 579 runs at an average of 4.32. Only once, against Gloucestershire in 1957, did he even reach 20 in an innings. In 1955 Boshier played his first nine innings without even scoring a run, which equalled a record set by John Candler in 1894 and 1895 before being previously equalled by Tom Goddard in 1923 and Seymour Clark’s infamous 1930 stint with Somerset. Between August 1957 and July 1959 Boshier played fifty-two innings without reaching double figures.
He was born at Leicester and died on 2 September 2009 at the age of 77 at Masham, Yorkshire.

Brigadier General Ferdinand Marcelino is an active Marine officer of the Philippine Navy, a graduate of the Philippine Military Academy, class of 1994. Born in Hagonoy, Bulacan, he is the eleventh of 13 children of a fisherman and a housewife. He is currently serving as The Provost Marshal General of the Armed Forces of the Philippines with the rank of Brigadier General.

Gafulford (alternatively Gafulforda, Gafolforda or Gavelford) is the site of a battle in South West England known from the first entry in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle for 823 AD (usually corrected to 825 AD): "Her wæs Weala gefeoht Defna æt Gafulford". A translation is: "there was a fight between the Weala and the Defna at Gafulford".
The whereabouts of Gafulford is not known today, though it is generally assumed to be in the west of Devon or the east of Cornwall. Of the several locations that have been proposed, Camelford in Cornwall and Galford near Lew Trenchard in West Devon have had the widest acceptance.

Higashiawakura (東粟倉村, Higashiawakura-son) was a village located  in Aida District, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
As of 2003, the village had an estimated population of 1,399 and a density of 49.95 persons per km2. The total area was 28.01 km2.
On March 31, 2005, Higashiawakura, along with the towns of Mimasaka (former), Aida, Ōhara and Sakutō (all from Aida District), and the town of Katsuta (from Katsuta District), was merged to create the city of Mimasaka.

Lyrita is a British classical music record label, specializing in the works of British composers.
Lyrita began releasing LPs in October 1959 as Lyrita Recorded Edition for sale by mail order subscription. The founder of the company, Richard Itter (5 April 1928 – 1 March 2014) of Burnham, Buckinghamshire, was a businessman and record collector. Having heard many poor records, he determined to make only good ones.
Lyrita concentrated on the work of United Kingdom composers. At first, this consisted of the piano music of Arnold Bax, Gordon Jacob, E.J. Moeran, and Michael Tippett amongst others. The earliest recordings were made in the music room of Itter's home. Itter was responsible for the engineering, production, and editing of the recordings. If he managed to sell 100 copies Itter would have been able to break even. RCS.2 was the first catalog number, and Gordon Jacob wrote a composition specifically for this album, "Elegy for Piano and Cello", to fill out the program on the disc.
In time, the bulk of Lyrita's catalogue became orchestral and symphonic works, including otherwise-neglected composers at that time, including William Alwyn, Malcolm Arnold, Arnold Bax, Havergal Brian, Frank Bridge, Arnold Cooke, Gerald Finzi, John Foulds, George Lloyd, Edmund Rubbra, Humphrey Searle and Cyril Rootham. Many Lyrita LPs became regarded as demonstration discs, suitable for showcasing the sonic qualities of high-end hi-fi equipment. Nearly all of Lyrita's recordings were produced by Decca Records and pressed by either Decca or Nimbus Records. When Decca joined PolyGram in 1980, the relationship with Lyrita ended.
The only non-British music to be recorded and issued on Lyrita was Brazilian piano music performed by Elizabeth Powell on RCS.22. Works by Paul Hindemith, Edward MacDowell, and Francis Poulenc were also recorded but not issued.
Lyrita issued monaural records in the RCS series, and stereophonic records in the SRCS series beginning at SRCS.31 (which corresponded with monaural RCS.31). The stereo series ran to SRCS.131. Lyrita issues compact discs (CDs) in the SRCD series beginning with SRCD.200 and running through SRCD.332.
Lyrita's stereophonic LPs from the SRCS series were also issued in the U.S. by the Musical Heritage Society (1972–1977) and HNH (1978–1979). Lyrita began exporting their records to the U.S. in 1980. The first digital productions were made in June 1982, and LP production was discontinued in 1988.
In 1990 Lyrita began issuing CDs featuring a small selection of their back catalogue, a few newly recorded items, and recordings licensed from other sources. There was a 15-year hiatus during which attempts were made to persuade Itter to release the rest of the catalogue on CD.
In summer 2006 Wyastone Estate Ltd (proprietors of Nimbus Records) reached an agreement with Richard Itter to distribute the company's entire catalogue over an 18-month period. The first discs to appear would be those CD transfers which appeared in the 1990s; the remaining original analogue masters would subsequently be digitized and transferred to CD, making all of Lyrita's recordings available on CD for the first time.
In 2014 agreement was reached with the BBC to commercially release the private archive Itter had made at home using professional recording equipment of music otherwise lost due to Musicians' Union (UK) regulations requiring the BBC not to keep copies.

Mariano Cuadra Medina (12 May 1912 – 2 March 1981) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of the Air of Spain between 1974 and 1975, during the Francoist dictatorship. During World War II, he volunteered for service against the Soviet Union. He commanded a squadron of the Blue Squadron.

Metallochlora is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae described by Warren in 1896.

Patrick J. Walsh (1873 – September 21, 1946)  was appointed Acting Fire Commissioner of the City of New York by Mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia on May 8, 1941, and was subsequently appointed the 14th Fire Commissioner of the City of New York by Mayor LaGuardia two days later. He served in that position until the end of the LaGuardia Administration on December 31, 1945. He died on September 22, 1946, at the West Hill Sanitarium.

Powys is a county in Wales.
Powys may also refer to:

Kingdom of Powys, a medieval kingdom in what is now Wales and England
Powys (surname)
Powys Thomas (1925–1977), British-born actor

The Rhode Island Department of Administration, RIDOA,  is a department level agency of the Government of Rhode Island.

Major Robert Beverley (c. 1635–c. 1687) was an English-born merchant, attorney and military officer who served as the Attorney General of Virginia from 1676 to 1677. Born in Yorkshire, he emigrated to the English colony of Virginia and worked as a merchant, growing wealthy from his business dealings. Following Bacon's Rebellion, Beverley was appointed as the colony's pro tempore attorney general. One of the wealthiest men in the Tidewater region during his lifetime, he eventually came to own roughly 28,000 acres in four counties along with several slaves, serving as the founder of the Beverley family of Virginia.

The Grave is a time travel novel by Canadian author James Heneghan, set in 1970s Liverpool and in Ireland and Liverpool in the mid-nineteenth century. The novel was published in 2000.

WWFY (100.9 FM, "Froggy 104.3 & 100.9") is a radio station licensed to serve Berlin, Vermont.  The station is owned by Great Eastern Radio.  It airs a country music format.
The station has been assigned these call letters by the Federal Communications Commission since May 21, 1999.
While WWFY has broadcast to the Barre-Montpelier area since October 2000, the 100.9 frequency was originally allocated over the mountains in Middlebury, where the station signed on as WCVM on April 2, 1975. WCVM was a sister to WFAD (1490 AM) in Middlebury, and operated as a class A facility at 3000 watts. At its sign-on, WCVM carried an automated oldies format which lasted for several years. In the 1990s, the station, as WGTK, aired a classic rock format under the name "K101"; it marketed itself as "The Champlain Valley's classic rock station". In 1999, "K101", while keeping the classic rock format, moved to 93.7 FM, and became WRRO "The Arrow".
The current air staff includes JD Green (morning drive), Randy Laprade (midday)  P.D. Jim Severance (afternoons) and The Lia Show (evenings).
WWFY, along with 29 other stations in northern New England formerly owned by Nassau Broadcasting Partners, was purchased at bankruptcy auction by Carlisle Capital Corporation, a company controlled by Bill Binnie (owner of WBIN-TV in Derry), on May 22, 2012. The station, and 12 of the other stations, were then acquired by Vertical Capital Partners, controlled by Jeff Shapiro. The deal was completed on November 30, 2012. The Vertical Capital Partners stations were transferred to Shapiro's existing Great Eastern Radio group on January 1, 2013.
The "Froggy" programming expanded to the Burlington area in June 2020, when WWFY began simulcasting on WJKS (104.3 FM) in Keeseville, New York. A third station, WTNN (97.5 FM) in Bristol, joined the simulcast in April 2026 after the station–which had previously offered a competing country format–was sold to Great Eastern Radio.

Wash was possibly a pharaoh from the Predynastic Period in Ancient Egypt, approximately 5,000 years ago. As Wash is known only through his appearance as a captive of the pharaoh Narmer on the eponymous palette, his existence is contested.

Zanna may refer to:

"Zanna", 1984 pop music song by Luc van Acker and Anna Domino
Zanna (planthopper), a genus of insects
Zanna (surname), multiple people
It may also refer to:

Zevegiin Oidov (Mongolian: Зэвэгийн Ойдов; born May 25, 1949) is a retired Mongolian wrestler. He is the 1976 Olympic vice-champion in the freestyle 62 kg class.  He also won two world champion titles, in 1974 and 1975 in the 62 kg class. In 1977 competing in the freestyle 68 kg class he came in third, taking the Bronze medal.

Əlixanlı (also, Alykhanly) is a former village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

The 15th Youth in Film Awards ceremony (now known as the Young Artist Awards), presented by the Youth in Film Association, honored outstanding youth performers under the age of 21 in the fields of film, television and theatre for the 1992-1993 season, and took place on February 5, 1994, at the Sportsmen's Lodge in Studio City, California.
Established in 1978 by long-standing Hollywood Foreign Press Association member, Maureen Dragone, the Youth in Film Association was the first organization to establish an awards ceremony specifically set to recognize and award the contributions of performers under the age of 21 in the fields of film, television, theater and music.

Albert Glinsky (born December 9, 1952) is an American composer and author.  His music has been performed internationally by soloists, ensembles, and dance companies.  His book, Theremin: Ether Music and Espionage won the 2001 ASCAP Deems Taylor Award, and is regarded as the standard work on the life of Leon Theremin.  In 2009 Glinsky was invited by the family of synthesizer pioneer, Bob Moog (who wrote the foreword to Glinsky's Theremin), to create Moog's biography.  Switched On: Bob Moog and the Synthesizer Revolution, with a Foreword by Francis Ford Coppola, was released by Oxford University Press on September 23, 2022.

All Wrapped Up is a 7-track Christmas-themed extended play featuring musical artists signed to Hollywood Records singing their own versions of holiday songs. It was released on November 4, 2008, available exclusively at Target stores nationwide.

America Burning: The Report of The National Commission on Fire Prevention and Control is a 1973 report written by the National Commission on Fire Prevention and Control to evaluate fire loss in the United States and to make recommendations to reduce loss and increase safety of citizens and firefighting personnel. The report concluded that fire prevention and fire safety education for the public were critical to reducing the losses associated with fires, and that firefighters also needed to be better disciplined and educated for their jobs in fighting fires. As a result of the report, in 1974 the United States Congress passed the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 leading to the formation of the U.S. Fire Administration, the National Fire Academy, the National Fire Incident Reporting System, and the Center for Fire Research within the National Bureau of Standards. One of the most critical findings of the report was that the high death rate among American firefighters should be addressed. As a result of this report, fire fighting agencies planned life and property loss-reduction strategies for handling incidents before they occurred.
One of the outcomes of the report was the practice of architects and engineers including fire safety in the design of buildings, parks and other facilities.

JSC Aviaenergo (Russian: ОАО «Авиакомпания «Авиаэнерго») was a charter airline with headquarters in Moscow, Russia. It was established on 31 December 1992 and operated charter flights within Europe and Asia, and other countries from its main base at Moscow Vnukovo Airport, as well as from Sheremetyevo International Airport. It was wholly owned by RAO UES, although UES, as part of its restructuring, had placed Avianergo on the market. Operations were suspended in 2011 due to poor financial performance (having approached bankruptcy in 2011)

Benjamin Mildmay, 1st Earl FitzWalter  (27 December 1672 – 29 February 1756), styled The Honourable Benjamin Mildmay until 1728 and known as The Lord FitzWalter between 1728 and 1730, was a British politician. He served as First Lord of Trade between 1735 and 1737 and as Treasurer of the Household between 1737 and 1755.

Breaking Through (Chinese: 我心飞扬; pinyin: Wǒ xīn fēi yáng; trans. "Float in the Sky") is a 2022 Chinese sports drama film from director Wang Fangfang, and stars Meng Meiqi and Xia Yu. The film, which is based on true events and of short-track speed skater Yang Yang, follows the Chinese national short-track speed skating team as they attempt to prevail in winning a gold medal at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, United States.

Cladosporium spinulosum is a fungus found in hypersaline environments. It has spherical, ornamented conidia with long digitate (finger-like) projections.

Derek Maguire is an American retired ice hockey defenseman who was an All-American for Harvard.

Dhruv Tara – Samay Sadi Se Pare (transl. Pole Star – Beyond Time and Centuries) is an Indian Sci-fi Fantasy Romantic Drama television series that aired from 27 February 2023 to 10 August 2024 on Sony SAB. Produced by Shashi Mittal and Sumeet Mittal under Shashi Sumeet Productions, it starred Ishaan Dhawan and Riya Sharma.

EHC Neuwied is a professional ice hockey team in Neuwied, Germany. They play in the Central European Hockey League. The club was founded in 1979.
They played in the Oberliga, the third level of German ice hockey until 2016, and then in the fourth tier Regionalliga West which is organised by the North Rhine-Westphalia Ice Hockey Federation. After winning the league in 2023, the federation expelled the three teams from the league that were from outside North Rhine-Westphalia. Neuwied and EG Diez-Limburg switched to the Belgian-Dutch BeNe League for the 2023-24 season. In 2024 the BeNe League became the Central European Hockey League.

Kimberly Williams-Paisley (née Williams, born September 14, 1971) is an American actress known for her starring role in The 10th Kingdom, and roles on According to Jim and Nashville, as well as her breakthrough in Father of the Bride (1991), for which she was nominated for several teen awards, and its sequel, Father of the Bride Part II (1995).
Throughout her career, she has guest starred on shows including Tales from the Crypt, George Lopez and Less than Perfect. She is also known for her roles in made-for-TV movies, including Safe House, The Christmas Shoes, and Lucky 7, and also her role as Laura Parker in Shade, a short film that she also wrote and directed. Williams is married to country musician Brad Paisley, with whom she has two sons; actress Ashley Williams is her sister.

Klaus Riedle (born (1941-08-12)12 August 1941, Innsbruck, Nazi Germany) is a German power engineering scientist who has contributed to the development of more efficient gas turbines for power generation. Since 1986, Riedle is an honorary professor at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg institute of engineering thermodynamics.

Lophomonas blattarum is a protozoan flagellate that is found in the gut of cockroaches. It has been found to be an emerging pathogen causing bronchopulmonary infection and sinusitis in immunocompromised, and also immunocompetent, patients.
The histologic appearance of L. blattarum is of a round, ovoid or pear-shaped unicellular organism with two tufts of flagella borne on the anterior end of the cell.  The cytoplasm of the cell is granulated.  The cell is 20 to 60 micrometers in diameter.  Suspected organisms should be distinguished from Creola bodies or ciliocytophthoria, which are autogenous.  The difficulty in resolving the fine structures of L. blattarum by light microscopy, including its axial filament, calyx and radiating perinuclear tubules, led Li and Gao (2016) to question the ability of L. blattarum to be an infectious agent in the lower respiratory tract and to suggest that development of improved diagnostic methods is urgently needed.  A molecular diagnostic test that amplifies ribosomal RNA found in the small subunit of Lophomonas spp. ribosomes has since been described by Fakhar et al. (2021).

Lorenza Mazzetti (26 July 1927 – 4 January 2020) was an Italian film director, novelist, photographer and painter. She was connected to Albert Einstein through her aunt's marriage to Einstein's cousin, and survived a massacre of her family by German soldiers in August, 1944.

The Military Church (Romanian: Biserica Militară) is a Romanian Orthodox church located in the 700 Square of the western Romanian city of Timișoara. The building, dating from 1740 to 1750, is one of the oldest surviving structures in the city, alongside the Military Hospital, the Tribunal, and the Theresia Bastion. It forms part of the architectural ensemble of Timișoara's old citadel.

Morris Albert Copeland (August 6, 1895 – May 4, 1989) was an American economist who criticized 20th-century macroeconomic theory, and who contributed to the development of modern flow of funds theory.

Rikuzen-Takasago Station (陸前高砂駅, Rikuzen-Takasago-eki) is a railway station in Miyagino-ku, Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).

Spodoptera latifascia,  commonly known as the lateral-lined armyworm, garden armyworm, or velvet armyworm, is a moth of the  family Noctuidae found from Central America and the Antilles into North America (from Texas to Florida). 



WAXY (790 kHz) is an AM radio station licensed to South Miami, Florida, with a Spanish adult contemporary and conservative talk radio format. The station is owned by Audacy, Inc. Its studios are located in Audacy's Miami office on Northwest Second Avenue, and its transmitter is in Everglades National Park.
The callsign was formerly used on FM at 105.9, until Jefferson-Pilot acquired the callsign. That station, now WBGG-FM and owned by iHeartMedia with a classic rock format, is not affiliated with the current WAXY.

The 2011–12 SpVgg Greuther Fürth season started on 15 July against Eintracht Frankfurt in the 2. Bundesliga.

Standings and results for Group A of the regular season phase of the 2013–14 Euroleague basketball tournament.

Dikobe Ben Martins (born 2 September 1956, Alexandra township, Gauteng), is a former Minister of Energy and has held other posts in the Cabinet of South Africa. He has served in Parliament since 1994 and has been a Central Committee Member of the South African Communist Party.

Betograve is a type of concrete sculpting. A document published by the Nasher Sculpture Center says that betograve "...involves first pouring concrete into a form tightly packed with gravel, and, once set, precisely sand-blasting the surface of the concrete to expose the gravel beneath it". This "unique system of concrete placement" was first used by Carl Nesjar, a Norwegian painter, printmaker and sculptor. When Nesjar introduced the technique to Pablo Picasso, Picasso created a sculpture based on his folded sheet metal "Head of a Woman" ("Tête de femme"). The resulting piece "inaugurated a working relationship between Picasso and Nesjar that produced twenty-four works and lasted for the rest of Picasso's life".

In cryptography, CS-Cipher (for Chiffrement Symétrique) is a block cipher invented by Jacques Stern and Serge Vaudenay in 1998. It was submitted to the NESSIE project, but was not selected.
The algorithm uses a key length between 0 and 128 bits (length must be a multiple of 8 bits). By default, the cipher uses 128 bits. It operates on blocks of 64 bits using an 8-round Feistel network and is optimized for 8-bit processors. The round function is based on the fast Fourier transform and uses the binary expansion of e as a source of "nothing up my sleeve numbers".

Carol Fran (born Carol Augustus Anthony; October 23, 1933 – September 1, 2021) was an American soul blues singer, pianist, and songwriter, best known for her string of single releases in the 1950s and 1960s, and her later musical association with her husband, Clarence Hollimon. She released six albums since 1992 including four as a duo with Hollimon.

David L. Eubanks (born November 18, 1935) is an American preacher associated with the Restoration Movement of Christianity.  Eubanks was the fifth President of Johnson Bible College, serving from 1969 to 2007, which ranks him among the longest serving college presidents in the U.S.

Ek Yi Oun (Khmer: ឯក យីអ៊ុន; 1910 – January 2013) was a Cambodian politician and a member of the Sangkum party who served as the Prime Minister of Cambodia from 11 January until 17 January 1958. With a term of six days, he remains the shortest-served Prime Minister of Cambodia to date. He served as acting President of the National Assembly of Cambodia in 1970.

Henry A. Biesiot (born 1945) is an American former football player and coach. He was the head football coach at Dickinson State University, a position he had held since the 1976 season before retiring following the 2013 season.  Biesiot was one of the few  college football coaches with over 200 career wins and 30 seasons of experience at the collegiate level.  In 2006, he was inducted into the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) Hall of Fame as a coach.

Howard "Happy" Goodman (November 7, 1921 – November 30, 2002) was an American gospel singer. In 1949, he founded the vocal group The Happy Goodman Family which included combinations of all eight Goodman siblings and his wife Vestal Goodman (née Freeman).

Ignacio Carcavallo is an Argentinian entrepreneur, business coach, and founder associated with the financial technology and startup advisory sectors.

John Wesley Mayhew (October 2, 1885 – September 30, 1941) was an American football player and coach of football, basketball, and baseball coach. He played college football at Brown University from 1906 to 1908 and was named an All-American in 1906 playing as a halfback. He also played baseball and ran track at Brown. Mayhew served as the head football coach at Louisiana State University (LSU) from 1909 to 1910, compiling a record of 3–6. He took over for Joe Pritchard in the middle of the 1909 season. Mayhew was also the head coach of the LSU basketball team from 1909 to 1911, head coach of the LSU baseball team from 1910 to 1911 and head coach of the LSU track and field team.
Mayhew was born on October 2, 1885, in Chilmark, Massachusetts. He graduated from the Worcester Academy in 1904 and from Brown University in 1909. He on September 30, 1941, in Pocasset, Massachusetts .

Late Nights and Long Days is a 1993-CD album by the noted British folk musician Wizz Jones and his son, Simeon Jones. The album was recorded at Airwave Studios, London in 1989 (tracks 1, 3, 4, 7, 9, 10 and 11) and Metcalfe Studios, London in 1992 (remaining tracks). The CD was reissued circa 2008 on Jones' private Wizzydisc label, with 2 "bonus" tracks, as More Late Nights and Long Days

QTV (Qualification Test Vehicle) was the first test flight of the Apollo Little Joe II rocket. It was launched in August 1963.



Mount Bures is a small village and civil parish in the City of Colchester district of Essex, England. It adjoins the county boundary with Suffolk. At the 2021 census the parish had a population of 218.
It takes its name from the mount or motte believed to have been built shortly after the invasion by William the Conqueror in 1066.
The Gainsborough railway line that runs through the village is believed to have been opened in 1848. A few miles down the line from Mount Bures is the Chappel Viaduct.  The Thatchers Arms in Mount Bures was thought to have become a brewhouse or public house to quench the thirst of the navvies working on the railway line and the viaduct in the late 1840s.
A bunker from the Colchester Stop Line, a series of bunkers built during World War II, can be found at Mount Bures.
Sergeants Orchard is a nature reserve managed by the Essex Wildlife Trust south of the village.

Oshimizu (押水町, Oshimizu-machi) was a town located in Hakui District, Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan.
As of 2003, the town had an estimated population of 8,429 and a density of 157.79 persons per km2. The total area was 53.42 km2.
On March 1, 2005, Oshimizu, along with the town of Shio (also from Hakui District), was merged to create the town of Hōdatsushimizu and no longer exists as an independent municipality.

Power meter may refer to:

Electricity meter measures electrical energy (electrical power supplied to a residence, business or machine over time)
Wattmeter measures the electrical power circulating in any electric circuit
Microwave power meter measures power in a microwave signal
Optical power meter measures power in an optical signal
Google PowerMeter is a tool to track a household's energy usage
A cycling power meter measures the power output of a bicycle rider
Health meter, a video game mechanic

Thomas Peck Ochiltree (October 26, 1839 – November 25, 1902) was a U.S. Representative from Texas.

Tinada is an administrative district (kecamatan) in Pakpak Bharat Regency, North Sumatra Province, Indonesia.

The Škoda 75 mm Model 1936 (75 mm M.36) was a mountain gun manufactured by Škoda Works, in  Czechoslovakia, and a variant was produced in Soviet Union (as the 76 mm mountain gun M1938). Škoda also produced a handful of the 76.2 mm variant. For transport, the gun could be broken down into three sections, and further broken down into ten loads. The gun crew was protected by an armoured shield.

The 1999 IAAF World Race Walking Cup was held on 1 and 2 May 1999 in the streets of Mézidon-Canon, France.  From this year on, there was no combined men's team trophy (Lugano Trophy), just the separate standings for the two races, and the women's team trophy was no longer called "Eschborn Cup" as before with their distance being increased from 10 km to 20 km.
Detailed reports on the event and an appraisal of the results was given for the IAAF.
Complete results were published.

The 2025–26 season is Al-Okhdood's third consecutive season in the Pro League and 49th year in existence. The club will participate in the Pro League and the King Cup.
The season covers the period from 1 July 2025 to 30 June 2026.

A face-off is the method used to begin and restart play after goals in some sports using sticks, primarily ice hockey, inline hockey, bandy, floorball, broomball, rinkball, and lacrosse.
During a face-off, two teams line up in opposition to each other, and the opposing players attempt to gain control of the puck or ball after it is dropped or otherwise placed between their sticks by an official.

Foulden () is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk. It is 12 miles (19 km) north-west of Thetford and 29 miles (47 km) west of Norwich, along the River Wissey and includes the hamlet of Beckett End.
Foulden is part of the electoral ward of Bedingfield for local elections and is part of the district of Breckland. It is part of the South West Norfolk parliamentary constituency.

Gelesis is a biotechnology company located in Boston, Massachusetts that developed the weight loss device Gelesis100 (Plenity) for use in overweight and obesity. The company produces Gelesis100, which is a superabsorbent hydrogel capsule that expands in the stomach, creating a feeling of fullness, helping people reduce the amount of food they eat. The company was founded in 2006 to develop medical devices and treatments for obesity. 
Gelesis Holdings, Inc. together with its two affiliates, filed for voluntary Chapter 7 liquidation in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware on October 30, 2023. The debtor listed its assets among the 50 and the $100 million and liabilities of $44.34 million. The Debtor is represented by Kenneth Listwak of Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP as counsel.

General Viamonte Partido is a partido in the north of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 17,600 inhabitants in an area of 2,150 km2 (830 sq mi), and its capital city is Los Toldos, which is 310 km (193 mi) from Buenos Aires.
The town of Los Toldos is home to an Indigenous Mapuche colony.

Hero Gervacio Angeles (born December 8, 1984) is a Filipino actor. Hero Angeles bested four other contestants in the Grand Finals for the title "Grand Teen Questor" in the first season of ABS-CBN's popular reality star search in the Philippines, Star Circle Quest.



The R-class or Romolo-class submarine was a group of submarines built for the Royal Italian Navy (Regia Marina Italiana) during World War II. They were designed as blockade running transport submarines for transporting high-value cargo from Europe to Japan and vice versa. Axis-occupied Europe lacked strategic materials such as tungsten, tin and some commodities such as rubber.

KATS (94.5 FM) is a radio station  broadcasting a mainstream rock format. Licensed to Yakima, Washington, United States, the station serves Yakima and Kittitas Counties.  The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.

Lego Jurassic World: The Secret Exhibit  is a two-part animated television special that acts as a prequel to the 2015 film Jurassic World. Inspired by the Lego toyline, it was aired on NBC in the United States on November 29, 2018. It was later released on DVD in North America as a 43-minute film by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment on January 15, 2019.
The special was followed by the 13-episode miniseries Lego Jurassic World: Legend of Isla Nublar in 2019.

Load shedding (LS), often spelled loadshedding, is a protective method of emergency power control where, during a large disbalance between supply and demand, the demand (load) is intentionally disconnected ("shed") so that the available electricity supply within a safe timeframe can meet the remaining demand, thereby preventing a cascading collapse of the power grid.
Load shedding is activated when the line frequency becomes too low (under-frequency load shedding, UFLS) or the line voltage is below the specified level (under-voltage load shedding, UVLS). The very act of disconnecting the load introduces yet another disturbance into the grid, so the selection of the bus about to be shed is chosen based on the bus distance from the contingency location as well as economic considerations. The shedding can be shared via "rolling blackouts" or "rolling brownouts" (the typical situation, especially for UFLS: multiple areas of the grid shed the load in cooperative manner) or targeted via a "targeted blackout" (the load shedding is concentrated in a particular area). Typically the shedding is performed automatically in multiple stages, each with a pre-programmed threshold and the load amount to shed.

The NWA Tennessee Southern Tag Team Championship was a short-lived professional wrestling tag team title in the National Wrestling Alliance that was defended in Southern Championship Wrestling. It existed from 1981 to 1982.

Pacino or Pecino da Nova (late 14th century) was an Italian painter active in a late Gothic art style around Bergamo.
His father Alberto was also a painter.  Few works can be attributed to him with any certainty, including works for the Duomo of Bergamo, the Basilica of Santa Maria Maggiore of Bergamo, and some frescoes for the Oratory of Santa Maria di Mocchirolo in Brianza now in the Brera Academy.
Pecino da Nova (a smal town few kms north from Milan) was one of the finest lombard fresco painter in the second half of XIV century. Few works remain, but plenty of documents prove his fame and how he was sought after.

Roofensee is a lake in Oberhavel, Brandenburg, Germany. It has a surface area of 0.56 km².

Shri Laxminarayan Temple, Bhawanipur, Kolkata is a Hindu Mandir located in South Kolkata at 42,Sarat Bose Road in Bhawanipore locality Kolkata. It was established in 1952 by Gujarati Vaishnav community of town. The temple houses deities of Lakshmi Narayana, Rama - Sita - Lakshmana and Shiva Lingum in main Garbhagriha. Also there are idols of  Hanumanji, Ganesha in side panel.
The temple complex also houses Dharamshala offering budget lodging facilities and also has large hall, which they offer at rent for functions like social meeting, marriage and religious discourse and ceremonies for the members of Gujarati community. It is managed by a non-profit charitable trust founded by Gujarati diaspora of town.  
In 1950 the Gujarati Vaishnav community had organized a Bhagavata Purana discoursed by Dongre Maharaj at Bhawanipur  Calcutta in Netaji Subhas Udhyan.  During which a lot of funds got collected as way of voluntary donation from Gujarati Vaishnav community living in city. The people wanted that funds should be used for religious purpose only. Chhaganlal Karamshi Parekh, a noted social worker from Gujarati community popularly known as Chhagan Bapa, who at that time lived in Calcutta, suggested that a temple be built from these money.  He took leading role and further initiative to collect more funds and to lay the foundation of trust and also to buy land for temple. 
In later years Gujarati people donated more money to build the Dharamshala and community hall. This complex built within the temple campus was founded in 1978 and was named in memory of  Chhagan Bapa, as Chhagan Bapa Athithi Gruh 
In same year in 1978, Shrimad Sudhindra Thirtha Swamiji camped in Lakshmi Narayan Temple Guest House and organised discourse, thus bringing together South Indians living in Calcutta to come together to bring an association for themselves Ever since many religious discourse have been held here and many saints have visited the temple.  
The Gujarati community also takes out a procession from Laxmi Narayan Temple to Jalaram Temple at Haridevpur on occasion of janam-jayanti celebration of Shri Jalaram Bapa, a revered saint of Gujarat. 
During elections temple is popular place to hold election rally to address Gujarati people who have significant population in Bhawanipur area of Kolkata.
Gujarati community association of town organize their traditional Dandiya Raas an Garba every year in Navratri, which they started in late 1950s. It is held in the temple community hall keeping alive their tradition. Also every year on eve of Hindu New Year the community assembles to greet each other on new year.
The complex also houses a canteen, which serves purely vegetarian Gujarati cuisine only.

St Stephen's, also referred to as St Stephani, is a Lutheran Church on Wakefield Street, Adelaide, South Australia.

Sunset Kids is the eighth studio album by New York singer/songwriter Jesse Malin. It was released on August 30, 2019 by Wicked Cool Records and The Orchard. The album was produced by Lucinda Williams and Tom Overby, and features performances by Lucinda Williams, Billie Joe Armstrong, and Joseph Arthur.

The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC Chapel Hill, UNC, North Carolina or Carolina) is a public research university in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States. Chartered in 1789, the university began enrolling students in 1795, making it one of the oldest public universities in the United States.
The university offers degrees in over 240-270 distinct academic programs, divided among 13 professional schools and a primary unit, the College of Arts & Sciences. It is classified as "R1: Doctoral Universities – very high research activity" and is a member of the Association of American Universities (AAU). The National Science Foundation ranked UNC–Chapel Hill ninth among American universities for research and development expenditures in 2023 with $1.5 billion. Its endowment is $5.7 billion, making it the ninth-wealthiest public academic institution in the United States as of 2024.
The campus covers 760 acres (310 ha), encompassing the Morehead Planetarium and the many stores and shops located on Franklin Street. Students can participate in over 550 officially recognized student organizations. UNC-Chapel Hill is a charter member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC), which was founded on June 14, 1953. The university's athletic teams compete in 28 intercollegiate sports and are known as the Tar Heels. They have won 51 NCAA team championships in eight different sports which ranks eighth all time, and 52 individual national championships.
UNC-Chapel Hill is one of three corners of North Carolina's Research Triangle. The other two corners are North Carolina State University in Raleigh and Duke University in Durham.

Where Mankind Fails is the debut studio album by Swedish power metal band Steel Attack. It was released on June 21, 1999.

The 1996 Eisenberg Israel Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Israel Tennis Centers in the Tel Aviv District city of Ramat HaSharon, Israel and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from October 14 through October 20, 1996. Fourth-seeded Javier Sánchez won the singles title. 



Andrew Lee Cannizaro (born December 19, 1978) is an American former Major League Baseball infielder who played for the New York Yankees and Tampa Bay Rays between 2006 and 2008, and a former head baseball coach for the Mississippi State Bulldogs.

Besipirdine (besipirdine hydrochloride, or HP749), an indole-substituted analog of 4-aminopyridine, is a nootropic drug developed for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease (AD).



Bound, Gagged and Blindfolded is the debut full-length album by American groove metal band Skinlab. It was recorded at Hyde Street Studios in San Francisco, California, and was produced by Andy Sneap. The album was released July 8, 1997, and re-issued with bonus material in October 2007.

El-Marsa Forest, also referred to as Forest Roussegonia or Aguellou n'Tamentfoust, is a forest situated within the commune of El-Marsa, within the Algiers Province. It is overseen by the Directorate of Forests and the Green Belt (CFA), and its activities are subject to the supervision of the General Directorate of Forests (DGF).

Findlay Ewing Russell (1 September 1919 – 21 August 2011) was an American internal medicine physician and toxicologist. He pursued a research interest in venomous and poisonous animals and the effects of toxins on the human nervous system and was widely acknowledged as one of the world's leading authorities on snakes and the pharmacology of snake venoms. Consulting work for the United Nations and various governmental agencies took him all over the world.

Hans Rohrbach (27 February 1903 – 19 December 1993) was a German mathematician. He worked both as an algebraist and a number theorist and later worked as cryptanalyst at Pers Z S, the German Foreign Office cipher bureau, during World War II. He was latterly known as the person who broke the American diplomatic O-2 cypher, a variant of the M-138-A strip cipher during 1943. Rohrbach wrote a report on the breaking of the strip cypher when he was captured by TICOM, the allied effort to roundup and seize captured German intelligence people and material.

Hòa Phú may refer to the following places in Vietnam:

Hòa Phú, Bình Dương, ward of Thủ Dầu Một in Bình Dương Province
Hòa Phú, Da Nang, rural commune of Hòa Vang District, Da Nang

Kheal Das Kohistani (کھیل داس کوہستانی) is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from August 2018 till August 2023. He is the Minister of State for Religious Affairs and Interfaith Harmony.

Life Somewhere Else (Portuguese: Socorro Nobre) is a 1995 short documentary film directed by Walter Salles. It tells the story of Maria do Socorro Nobre, a Brazilian woman who, while serving a 20-year prison sentence, becomes inspired by the story of Polish artist Frans Krajcberg, and becomes pen pals with him.
Krajcberg himself co-wrote the film with director Walter Salles.

The Mill River is a river in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States.

The Münden Nature Park lies within the district of Göttingen, in south Lower Saxony in Germany.

Nueva Montaña Quijano S.A. (Sometimes referred to as simply NMQ), now known as Global Steel Wire S.A., is a Spanish steel company based in Santander.

Palmer's Bar was a dive bar and music venue located in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota. Known for its strong drinks, the bar often served as a live music venue at night.

Raymond Poulidor (French pronunciation: [ʁɛmɔ̃ pulidɔʁ]; 15 April 1936 – 13 November 2019), nicknamed "Pou-Pou" (pronounced [pu pu]), was a French professional racing cyclist, who rode for Mercier his entire career.
His distinguished career coincided with two other outstanding riders – Jacques Anquetil and Eddy Merckx. This underdog position may have been the reason Poulidor was a favourite of the public. He was known as "The Eternal Second", because he never won the Tour de France despite finishing in second place three times, and in third place five times (including his final Tour at the age of 40). Despite his consistency, he never wore the yellow jersey as leader of the general classification in 14 Tours (of which he completed 12). He did win one Grand Tour, the 1964 Vuelta a España. Of the eighteen Grand Tours that he entered in his career, he finished in the top 10 fifteen times.



Robert Geib (2 November 1911 – 8 May 1996) was a Luxembourgish footballer. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1936 Summer Olympics.

"Enplanements for CY 2023" (PDF, 14KB). 2023 Passenger Boarding and All-Cargo Data. Federal Aviation Administration. October 2, 2023. Archived (PDF) from the original on 14 March 2025.

Ruby Airport (IATA: RBY, ICAO: PARY, FAA LID: RBY) is a state-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) southeast of the central business district of Ruby, a city in the Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.
As per Federal Aviation Administration records, the airport had 1,476 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2023 and, 1,305 enplanements in 2022 It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a general aviation airport (the commercial service category requires at least 2,500 enplanements per year).

Somalibia is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.

Turkey participated at the 2015 European Games, in Baku, Azerbaijan from 12 to 28 June 2015.
191 Turkish athletes (110 men and 81 women) competed in 23 sports.

Vim Kochhar (born September 21, 1936) is a Canadian businessman and former Senator, the first person of Indo-Canadian heritage appointed to the Senate of Canada on January 29, 2010. Vim Kochhar obtained an engineering degree from the University of Texas and came to Canada in 1967. He acquired Canadian citizenship in 1974. He retired from the Senate on September 21, 2011, upon reaching the mandatory retirement age of 75.

The 2021 Ongole Municipal Corporation election was held on 10 March 2021 to elect members to all 98 wards of the municipal corporation.

The 2025 NCAA Division I women's volleyball tournament was a single-elimination tournament with 64 teams that determined the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I women's volleyball national champion for the 2025 season. It was the 45th edition of the tournament. It started on December 4, 2025 on various college campuses across the country, location determinations were chosen based on participating teams seedings. The tournament concluded with the championship game from T-Mobile Center in Kansas City, Missouri on December 21, 2025, when Texas A&M swept Kentucky 3–0 to win the program's first NCAA title.
Nebraska, who went undefeated in the regular season for the first time since the program won the 2000 NCAA championship, earned the #1 overall seed, while Kentucky, Texas, and Pittsburgh rounded out the top-4 overall seeds. All four teams successfully defeated their first & second round opponents, allowing them to host the regional rounds. The 2024 defending NCAA national champions Penn State was denied a chance at a repeat, as they were defeated in the second round by Texas. Penn State remains to be the only NCAA Division I women's volleyball program to earn a bid to all 45 NCAA Tournaments since its the inception in 1981.
The top four regional seeds successfully advanced to the regional semifinals in all regions with the exception of the Kentucky regional, which saw unseeded Cal Poly advance after upsetting fourth-seeded Southern California in the second round. All number 1 and 3 seeds successfully advanced to the regional finals. Texas A&M completed arguably the biggest upset of the 2025 season when it defeated top-ranked and then-undefeated Nebraska to advance to the program's first ever final four. In the other regionals, Pittsburgh advanced to the program's fifth-straight final four, while Wisconsin and Kentucky also advanced after defeating Texas and Creighton, respectively.
In the final four, Texas A&M continued their tournament run and defeated Pittsburgh in 3 sets, knocking out another #1 seed to advance to the program's first ever championship match. In the second semifinal, Wisconsin and Kentucky battled in a close match, with Kentucky prevailing 3–2. The wins guaranteed an all-SEC final for the first time in NCAA tournament history.
In the national championship match, Texas A&M swept Kentucky in three sets to win the program's first NCAA volleyball title in school history, becoming the second SEC school to earn a title after Kentucky in 2020. The 2025 American Volleyball Coaches Association (AVCA) National Coach of the Year, Jamie Morrison, won his first NCAA title as a coach with the win.

Biohazardous is a 2001 American horror film written and directed by Michael J. Hein.  It stars Sprague Grayden as a teenager who discovers that a local research company has been creating zombies.

The Canadian soccer league system, also called the Canadian soccer pyramid, is a multi-tiered soccer league system in Canada. The Canadian Soccer Association (CSA) oversees the system and domestic cups (including the Canadian Championship) but does not operate any of its component leagues. In addition, some Canadian teams compete in leagues that are based in the United States.

Championship unification is the act of combining two or more separate professional wrestling championships into a single title.

Charles Greenfield (1884 or 1885 – 1979) was an American engineer and hospital administrator. Trained as an engineer in New York City, Greenfield later became the first administrator of the Shore Road Hospital. Earlier he "helped design and build the Coney Island boardwalk."

Colonia Suiza (In English, Swiss Colony) is a town in the municipality of San Carlos de Bariloche, in the Bariloche Department, Río Negro, Argentina. It is located about 25 km from the city of San Carlos de Bariloche at the foot of Cerro López.

Confrontation is a tactical role-playing game developed by Cyanide and based on Rackham's miniatures game. The game is set in the fantasy universe of Aarklash, a continent riven by an unending war. The player follows a party of Akkylannian fighters in their quest to seek out and destroy the source of the latest threat posed by the Alchemists of Dirz. Their journey will take them through numerous settings with rich decors where they will encounter other races which populate the continent.

Dangereuse of L'Île-Bouchard (Poitevin: Dangerosa; 1079 – 1151) was the daughter of Bartholomew, Lord of L'Île-Bouchard and his wife Gerberge of Blaison. She was the maternal grandmother of Eleanor of Aquitaine. She was also mistress to her granddaughters' paternal grandfather, William IX, Duke of Aquitaine. As the mistress of William the Troubadour, she was known as La Maubergeonne for the tower he built for her at his castle in Poitiers.
Dangereuse ("Dangerous") was a sobriquet she received for her seductiveness; her baptismal name may have been Amauberge or Amal(a)berge.

The Firth of Clyde is the estuary of the River Clyde, on the west coast of Scotland. The Firth has some of the deepest coastal waters of the British Isles and is sheltered from the Atlantic Ocean by the Kintyre Peninsula.  The Firth lies between West Dunbartonshire in the north, Argyll and Bute in the west, and Inverclyde, North Ayrshire and South Ayrshire in the east. Kilbrannan Sound is a large arm of the Firth, separating the Kintyre Peninsula from the Isle of Arran. The Kyles of Bute separates the Isle of Bute from the Cowal Peninsula. The Sound of Bute separates the islands of Bute and Arran.
The Highland Boundary Fault crosses the Firth.  The Firth also played a vital military role during World War II.
The Firth is sometimes called the Clyde Waters or Clyde Sea. It is customarily considered to be part of the Irish Sea.

Great Chesterford railway station is on the West Anglia Main Line serving the village of Great Chesterford in Essex, England. It is 45 miles 56 chains (73.5 km) down the line from London Liverpool Street and is situated between Audley End and Whittlesford Parkway stations. Its three-letter station code is GRC.
The station and all trains calling are operated by Greater Anglia.
The station was once the point where the Newmarket Railway left the London to Cambridge main line. This route was authorised in 1846, opened on 3 January 1848 for goods and to passengers three days later. The Newmarket branch was an early victim of poor finance leading to closure: it was temporarily closed on 30 June 1850 and reopened on 9 September 1850, but the section between Great Chesterford and Six Mile Bottom was closed permanently on 9 October 1851 with the opening of the direct line between Six Mile Bottom and Cambridge. The next station to the north of Great Chesterford was Bourne Bridge.

Jalalabad (Persian: جلال اباد, also Romanized as Jalālābād) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12, in 4 families.

Joel Guerrero Juárez (born 3 December 1950) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).
Guerrero Juárez has served in the Chamber of Deputies on three occasions:
during the 55th Congress (1991–1994), for Hidalgo's fourth district; 
during the 57th Congress (1997–1999), for Hidalgo's seventh district;
and during the 60th Congress (2006–2009), for Hidalgo's first district.

Lampedusa is the southernmost island of Italy.
Lampedusa may also refer to:

Lampedusa (gastropod), a genus of gastropods
Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa (1896–1957), Italian writer
14846 Lampedusa, a minor planet

Matt Commons (born 1990 or 1991) is an American politician serving as a member of the Indiana House of Representatives from the 13th district. He assumed office on November 19, 2024.

Ponparkyin is a small town near the Myanmar-Thailand border in Mong Ton District of Shan State in eastern Myanmar. Really, It is Known as " Poung Par Khem " by Shan People.

The Men's 52 kg powerlifting event at the 2004 Summer Paralympics was competed  on 21 September. It was won by Osama El Serngawy, representing  Egypt.

Isaac "Redd" Holt (May 16, 1932 – May 23, 2023) was an American jazz and soul music drummer. He was the drummer on the album The In Crowd which earned the Ramsey Lewis Trio critical praise and the 1965 Grammy Award for Best Jazz Performance.

Robin Mann (born 1949) is an Australian Christian singer, songwriter and theologian. His career started in 1969 with Kindekrist. Mann's music is distinctly Australian, and much of it is written to be easily sung by congregations. His music has been published in many Christian music books, including the All Together Now series and Together in Song.
Mann was awarded an honorary Doctor of Divinity by the Australian Lutheran College in 2019.

The Matter with Things: Our Brains, Our Delusions, and the Unmaking of the World is a 2021 book of neuroscience, epistemology and metaphysics written by psychiatrist, thinker and former literary scholar Iain McGilchrist.
Following on from McGilchrist's 2009 work, The Master and His Emissary: The Divided Brain and the Making of the Western World, The Matter with Things explores the radically different ways in which the two hemispheres of the brain apprehend reality, and the many cognitive and worldly implications of this.
The book "is an attempt to convey a way of looking at the world quite different from the one that has largely dominated the West for at least three hundred and fifty years [i.e. since the Scientific Revolution and the Enlightenment] – some would say as long as two thousand years."

The 10th Composite Aviation Corps (10ти Смесен Авиационен Корпус) was a military formation of the Bulgarian Air Force. Its headquarters was in Plovdiv, and it was active from 1961 to the late 1980s.
It was established in September 1961 and its first commander was Major-General Simeon Simeonov. The new corps headquarters was mainly composed of officers from the command of 2nd Air Defence Corps (in Yambol) and from the command of the just disbanded 10th Fighter Air Division in Graf Ignatievo, hence the number. It was decided that Plovdiv Airport was to be the headquarters of the new formation. Parallel to the formation of the corps commenced the formation of 44th Helicopter Air Regiment, also at the Plovdiv airport. In 1961 the air corps included:

two fighter air regiments (15th FAR in Ravnets and 21st in Uzundzhovo), flying MiG-15s, 17s and 19s
two fighter-bomber air regiments (22nd FBAR in Bezmer and 25th Fighter-Bomber Aviation Regiment at Cheshnegirovo Air Base), flying MiG-15s and 17s
26th Reconnaissance Air Regiment (in Tolbukhin), flying MiG-15bis and Il-28s
one transport air regiment (16th RAR in Vrazhdebna), flying Li-2s and Il-14s
44th Helicopter air regiment (in Plovdiv), initially flying three Mi-4s and 4 Mi-1s
signals battalion
10th Radiotechnical Battalion
19th Fighter Air Regiment was included temporarily at Graf Ignatievo, flying MiG-19S/PMs
The Corps was still active as of 1 June 1995 (IISS MB 95-96, p.81). However, it was disestablished over the next year or two to become the Tactical Aviation Command.

The 2014 European Parliament election in Germany was held on 25 May 2014.
Under the Lisbon Treaty, Germany lost three seats and elected 96 members of the European Parliament, instead of the previous 99.

The 2014–15 season are the Esteghlal Football Club's 14th season in the Persian Gulf Pro League, and their 21st consecutive season in the top division of Iranian football. They are also competing in the Hazfi Cup and 70th year in existence as a football club.

"316" is the sixth television episode of the fifth season of ABC's Lost. The 92nd episode of the show overall, "316" aired on February 18, 2009, on ABC in the United States, and was simulcast on A in Canada. The episode was written by showrunners and executive producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse and directed by Stephen Williams.
In 2007, having recruited Sun-Hwa Kwon, Jack Shephard and Benjamin Linus find a way to return to the Island. Jack makes a last-ditch effort to recruit the other "Oceanic Six" survivors.

Alexander James Adie FRSE MWS (7 November 1775, Edinburgh – 4 December 1858, Edinburgh) was a Scottish maker of medical instruments, optician and meteorologist. He was the inventor of the sympiesometer, patented in 1818.

ESL Pro League Season 5 (shortened as EPL Season 5) was a Counter-Strike: Global Offensive tournament run by ESL. It is the fifth season of the ESL Pro League, and has an overall prize pool of $1,000,000 . For the first time, the Finals will take place in Dallas, Texas, from May 30 to June 4, in the Verizon Theatre. Teams from two continents, North America and Europe competed in fourteen team leagues to attempt to qualify for the Finals over a ten-week regular season. Europe's season began with Natus Vincere defeating Astralis and ended with Team EnVyUs defeating Astralis. North America's season started with Cloud9 defeating Rush and ended with Renegades defeating Rush. In the finals, G2 Esports was crowned Season 5's champion after winning a best of five series against North.

Edertal (German pronunciation: [ˈeːdɐtaːl], lit. 'Eder Valley') is a municipality in Waldeck-Frankenberg in northern Hesse, Germany.

Evagrius of Constantinople (Greek: Εὐάγριος; died c. 380) was the archbishop of Constantinople for a brief period in 370.
In 370, the Arians elected Demophilus of Constantinople to fill the bishopric vacancy after the death of Eudoxius of Antioch. The Nicene Christians and the deposed bishop of Antioch Eustathius of Antioch chose Evagrius for that see; but a few months later he was banished by the Roman emperor Valens, and remained in exile until his death.
Some sources claim that he was elected a second time in 379 or 380, after the expulsion of Demophilus by emperor Theodosius I.

George Edward Yonge (; 4 July 1824 – 27 December 1904) was an English barrister, and an amateur cricketer who played from 1844 to 1853.

Giuseppe Biagi (born 3 February 1949) is an Italian painter and member of the Metacosa Movement.

Gordon Simpson (October 30, 1894 – February 13, 1987) was a justice of the Supreme Court of Texas from January 1945 to September 1949.

Greg Lee (born March 3, 1962) is an American actor and comedian.

I'm in the Mood is a studio album by American R&B and Boogie-woogie pianist and vocalist Little Willie Littlefield.

Jean-Pierre Mangin (born 26 October 1937) is a French philatelist who specialized in finding error in the design of postage stamps. He wrote a bilingual world guide of Errors on stamps.
Mangin was a member of the French Académie de philatélie between 4 June 1994 and his voted eviction in December 2005. He was president of the European Academy of Philately for a 2000-2007 mandate, but resigned and was evicted there as well. The same happened at the Réal Academia Hispanica de Philatelia.
On 26 October 2007, he became a founding member of the Académie Mondiale de Philatélie, and became its first president.
In the 2000s, he wrote a monthly column in the French magazine L'Écho de la timbrologie about errors on stamps found by the readers.

Kristo Hussar (born 28 June 2002) is an Estonian professional footballer who currently plays as a right back for Slovak First Football League club Trenčín and the Estonia national team.

Richard B. "Rich" Handler (born May 23, 1961) is an American businessman and chief executive officer (CEO) of Jefferies since 2001, making him the longest-serving CEO on Wall Street.

Sorhakhutte (Nepali: सोह्रखुट्टे) is a settlement at the old part of Kathmandu city lying at an intersection of Thamel, Swayambhunath and Balaju.
The intersection houses an ancient inn named Sorakhutte Paati (सोर्हखुट्टे पाटी) which was built by children of Kaji Damodar Pande about 200 years ago. It was damaged due to road expansion in 2015, and is under repair. The intersection is named after this inn based on its 16 wooden pillars. Historically, the place was an important location for the trans Himalayan Kathmandu-Nuwakot-Kerung trading route.

Stuart Matchett (29 June 1950 – 2 April 2018) was an Australian radio announcer and program director.
He started in radio at Brisbane community station 4ZZZ-FM in 1975. He was a presenter at Triple J from 1978 to 1986 (nights and mornings) and for several years in this period he hosted a weekly "Almanac" program, broadcast on Sundays, which looked at the history of postwar popular music and pop culture. From 1989 to 2002 he was the Triple J program director with periods as acting general manager. From 2002 until his initial retirement in 2009 he was the program director at the ABC's DIG internet radio.
He was married to writer Angela Webber (who died of cancer in March 2007). They have two daughters Lily Matchett and Sally Matchett.
He was married to teacher and rower, Angela Conry in 2012.
Matchett died on 2 April 2018 after succumbing to colo-rectal cancer.

The Union National Democracy Party (UNDP) was a political party in Myanmar from 1988 to 1992.

William Winkenwerder Jr. is an American business and health care industry executive. He was Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs from 2001 to 2007. He had executive positions within the health industry.
He was CEO of Highmark. He is the chairman and CEO of Winkenwerder Strategies, and chairman of CitiusTech.

This paleobotany list records new fossil plant taxa that were described during the year 2012, as well as other significant paleobotany discoveries and events which occurred during 2012.

Andrew Ross (b. 1989) is an American sculptor working across traditional and new media. His works examine the fraught relationship between objects and images in the digital age. Ross merges a broad range of art, historical, and scientific references into fragmentary constructions that combine figures, objects, and spaces with a nod to the metaphoric associations they elicit.
For instance, in a 2017 show at False Flag Projects, Ross embedded portraits of Neil DeGrasse Tyson into the faces of flowers populating one of his sculptures, adorning representations of the natural world with the likeness of a public figure who explains the fundamental laws governing nature to a popular audience.
His aluminum sculptures of Bugs Bunny was exhibited at Art Basel Miami Beach 2021.
Ross earned his BFA from Cooper Union and attended Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture. He has taught at Bruce High Quality Foundation University.

The Archdiocese of Wellington is the Latin Catholic metropolitan archdiocese of New Zealand. Catholics number about 85,380 (2023). Parishes number 23 and the archdiocese extends over central New Zealand from Levin and Masterton in the north to Kaikoura and Westport in the south.
The suffragan sees are:

Auckland
Christchurch
Dunedin
Hamilton
Palmerston North

Campolattaro (Campanian: Campulattàrë) is a comune in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region of Campania, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Naples and about 20 kilometers north of Benevento.

The Carroll Fighting Saint football program represents Carroll College of Helena, Montana, in college football. The team competes in the Frontier Conference, which is affiliated with the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA). The Carroll Fighting Saints football team began playing in 1920 and is one of the most successful programs in the NAIA division of college football. 
The team is currently coached by Troy Purcell who is in his fifth season at Carroll. The Carroll College Fighting Saints play their home games on campus at Nelson Stadium.

Colonne (French pronunciation: [kɔlɔn] ) is a commune in the Jura department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

Credito Fondiario is an Italian bank based in Rome, Italy. The bank is specializing in management of non-performing loans. Chairman of the board of directors was Piero Gnudi.

Elachista hiranoi is a moth in the family Elachistidae. It was described by Sugisima in 2005. It is found in Japan (Kyushu, Honshu).
The length of the forewings is 3.5–4.3 mm for males and 3.4–4.1 mm for females.

Muhammad Fakhrul Zulhazmi bin Yussof (born 5 March 1991) is a Bruneian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He has played for the Brunei national football team on two occasions.

The name Lise has been used for two tropical cyclones worldwide: one in the West Pacific Ocean and one in the South-West Indian Ocean.
In the West Pacific:

Typhoon Lise (1949) – a Category 4 typhoon.
In the South-West Indian:

Cyclone Lise (1971) – a tropical cyclone that originated as Cyclone Yvonne in the Australian region.

The National Museum of Commercial Aviation (NMCA) was the nation's first comprehensive airline industry museum in the United States. It was located in Forest Park, Georgia, just south of Atlanta and Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. It was founded in 2006 by Executive Director & Chief Curator Grant Wainscott. It was a public 501(c)3 not-for-profit organization, and was governed by a 12-member Board of Trustees, chaired by Captain Chuck Maire Jr. The NMCA was a collaborative effort between the non-profit Museum, local and regional governments, and hundreds of business, aviation, and community partners throughout the country. The museum was closed with intentions of moving to a new location, but never reopened. The museum dissolved as an organization in 2016.

Patricia Marilyn Messner,  (born 1954) is Canada's only Olympic medallist in water skiing.
Born in Hamilton, Ontario, she won the bronze medal in women's slalom at the 1972 Summer Olympics, though as it was a demonstration sport that year, which was not included in the medal table.
After the Olympics, she won 4 world championship medals, including the gold medal in women's slalom in 1979. She won 18 Canadian champion titles from 1965 to 1979.
In 1981, she was made a member of the Order of Canada.  She is now in education.

Regiel [ˈrɛɡʲɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.

Dobrovolets (Russian: Доброволец) was an Emir Bukharsky-class destroyer built for the Imperial Russian Navy during the first decade of the 20th century. Completed in 1906, she served in the Baltic Fleet and participated in the First World War.

Scicluna or Xicluna (pr: Shi-KLOO-nah) is a surname of Maltese origin, related to Sicilian surnames Scicolone and Scichiloni. People with this surname include:

The São Gonçalo Monopteros (Monóptero de São Gonçalo) is an 18th-century monopteros and a cultural heritage monument in Penas Róias, Mogadouro, Portugal. The Baroque-style structure built to house the image of Gonçalo de Amarante is a rare example of this type of architecture in Portugal.
It is a circular plan construction, with six 190 cm (75 in) Solomonic columns based on plinths and topped by Ionian capitals. A balustrade is raised above the entablature and the cover is made by a semi-spherical dome.
The monopter was built in the same place where a hermitage, built in 1571, once dedicated to São Gonçalo existed. In 1720, this chapel was already quite ruined and the chancel would be used as a place for collecting cattle. It was around that time that the monopter was erected to house the image of the saint.

The Show-Off is a 1924 stage play by George Kelly about a working-class North Philadelphian family's reluctance to accept their daughter's suitor Aubrey Piper, an overly confident Socialist buffoon. The play has been revived five times on Broadway and adapted for film four times; it is Kelly's most frequently produced play.

Yevhen Vitaliyovych Budnik (Ukrainian: Євген Віталійович Буднік; born 4 September 1990) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a centre-forward for Krasava Ypsonas.

Zarratón is a village in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain. The municipality covers an area of 18.69 square kilometres (7.22 sq mi) and as of 2011 had a population of 318 people.

Queen Elizabeth II and her husband, Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, toured New Zealand from 23 December 1953 to 30 January 1954. This was the first visit to New Zealand by its reigning monarch. It occurred six months after Elizabeth II's coronation and was part of her six-month tour of the Commonwealth. Elizabeth and Philip visited 46 towns or cities and travelled over 2,000 kilometres (1,200 mi) by car, 1,200 km (750 mi) by aeroplane and 960 km (600 mi) by train. According to the Ministry for Culture and Heritage, an estimated three out of every four New Zealanders saw the royal couple during their tour.

In the 1993 Cameroonian Premier League season, 16 teams competed. Racing Bafoussam won the championship.

The 2015 season was Doncaster Rovers Belles' fifth season in the FA WSL, and their second season in the second tier of English women's football.
After the Belles narrowly missed out on promotion in the previous season, Gordon Staniforth resigned on 30 October 2014. Former Lincoln Ladies manager Glen Harris was appointed on December 8, 2014, beating competition from all over Europe; including Belgium, Croatia, Italy and the UK.
This season also saw the introduction of a new club crest, combining the old-style Doncaster Belles badge, with the more recently used Doncaster Rovers badge.

The 2024 The Citadel Bulldogs football team represented The Citadel as a member of the Southern Conference (SoCon) during the 2024 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Bulldogs were coached by second-year head coach Maurice Drayton and played at Johnson Hagood Stadium in Charleston, South Carolina.

Adele Garavaglia (15 April 1869 – 11 March 1944) was an Italian stage and film actress.

Anthonomus aeneolus is a species of true weevil in the beetle family Curculionidae. It is found in North America. It normally develops within the flower buds of Solanum flowers, although eggs can be laid within galls on the plant. Larvae feed on the anthers of the flowers.

The Black Cove Formation is a geologic formation in Newfoundland and Labrador. It preserves fossils dating back to the Ordovician period.

The Canadian Efficiency Decoration (ED) was a Canadian military award given to officers of the Non-Permanent Active Militia, RCAF Auxiliary and Reserve who completed twenty years of meritorious military service. Similar  Efficiency Decorations were also awarded by other Commonwealth countries. A bar was issued for an additional 20 years of meritorious service. Approximately 3,700 medals were issued.
Time spent in war service counted double towards the 20 year requirement and time spent in the ranks counted as half.  The award was superseded by the Air Efficiency Award for members of the RCAF Auxiliary and Reserve in 1942.  Eligible members who entered the Canadian Forces before 1 September 1939 continued to be eligible for award of the Canadian Efficiency Decoration and bars to the decoration.  Members who had joined after that time were eligible for the Canadian Forces' Decoration, which superseded the Canadian Efficiency Decoration, on its establishment in 1949.

Edward E. Burr (born October 25, 1956) is the founder, president and chief executive officer of GreenPointe Holdings, LLC, a diversified holding company that brings together the necessary disciplines to create residential and multi-use communities throughout the Southeastern United States.

Fahad Al-Shammari (Arabic: فهد الشمري; born May 5, 1981, in Riyadh) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
He was a reserve goalkeeper for Al Hilal in the 2009 AFC Champions League group stages.

Flohria subcoerulea is a species in the family of the rove beetles, the Staphylinidae. It is the only species in the monotypic genus Flohria.

The Inverted Swan, a 4-pence blue postage stamp issued in 1855 by Western Australia, was one of the world's first invert errors.  Technically, it is the frame that is inverted, not the image of the swan, but it has become commonly known as the Inverted Swan.
In 1854, Western Australia issued its first stamps, featuring the colony's symbol, the black swan, as did all WA stamps until 1902. While the 1d black was engraved in Great Britain by Perkins Bacon, other values, including the 4d blue, were produced by Horace Samson in Perth using lithography, and with different frames around the swan design for each value.

Jonathan Edouard (born February 24, 1996) is an American professional football defensive back. He is a two-time Grey Cup champion after winning with the Argonauts in 2022 and 2024.

Louis-Alexandre de Cessart (25 August 1719, Paris – 12 April 1806, Rouen) was a French road and bridge engineer.
He served in the "gendarmerie de la Maison du Roi", fighting at the battles of Fontenoy and Raucoux in 1745 and 1746. In 1747 he entered the school of Jean-Rodolphe Perronet, which later became the École nationale des ponts et chaussées. He contributed to the Encyclopédie with Perronet and Jean-Baptiste de Voglie. He was made under-engineer of the generality of Tours in 1751.
Notably, it was he who conceived several bridges over the river Loire, along with the Pont des Arts over the Seine in Paris, the first dike project at Cherbourg, and several quays at ports in north-west France.

Nabihah Iqbal (born 22 April 1988) is a British musician, writer and broadcaster from London, England. A former legal professional, she has studied at both SOAS and the University of Cambridge. She first released music under the alias Throwing Shade in 2013 whilst contributing vocals to Sophie's early releases such as "Lemonade". She switched to her birth name for her debut album Weighing of the Heart.

Piecemeal necrosis generally refers to a necrosis that occurs in fragments.
Piecemeal necrosis in liver aka interface hepatitis is necrosis of the limiting plates, by inflammatory cells. It may be identified as actual necrosis of cells or by irregularity of the limiting plates which is caused IOS's hepatocytes and replacement with inflammatory cells and/or fibrosis.

Prangbung  is a village development committee in Panchthar District in the Province No. 1 of eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4585.

Rang-Dix-Huit (French pronunciation: [ʁɑ̃ diz‿ɥit]) is an unincorporated community in Restigouche County, New Brunswick, Canada.

Sorting Out Rachel is an Australian comedy play by David Williamson. It premiered in 2018 directed by Nadia Tass. Tass said the play is "a debate about our responsibility to indigenous communities. And it's set against a family backdrop where the characters are complex and where each of the characters fear losing their entitlement."

WVPE (88.1 FM) is a non-commercial, listener-supported public radio station in Elkhart, Indiana.  It is the National Public Radio member station for the Michiana region of northern Indiana and southwest Michigan.  It is owned by Elkhart Community Schools, with studios in the Elkhart Area Career Center on California Road.
WVPE has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 11,500 watts, using a directional antenna.  The transmitter is off Johnson Road in South Bend.

The 2004–05 Buffalo Bulls men's basketball team represented the University at Buffalo during the 2004–05 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bulls, led by sixth-year head coach Reggie Witherspoon, played their home games at Alumni Arena in Amherst, New York as members of the Mid-American Conference (MAC). They finished the season 23–10, 11–7 in MAC play to finish in fifth place in the MAC East. It was the first 20-win season in the school's NCAA Division I history.
They reached the finals of the MAC men's basketball tournament for the first time in school history and at one point held a 19-point lead but ultimately lost to Ohio after a last-second tip-in in overtime. They were also invited to the National Invitation Tournament for the first time in program history and won their opening-round game against Drexel.
Writing for the Associated Press, Tom Withers described it as "Buffalo's dream season."
Following the season, Buffalo guard Turner Battle became the first Bull in program history to be named an Academic All-American, an Honorable Mention All-American, the MAC Men's Basketball Player of the Year and to the All-MAC First Team. Battle and Yassin Idbihi became the first Bulls in program history to be named to the MAC All-Tournament Team. Mark Bortz became the first Bull in program history to be named the MAC Sixth Man of the Year.

20th Century Masters - The Millennium Collection - The Best of Jackyl is a compilation album by American heavy-metal band Jackyl. It was released in March 2003 under Geffen Records.

Anikovik River (alternate Anakovik) is a waterway in the U.S. state of Alaska. It heads in the York Mountains about 15 miles (24 km) from the Bering Sea. As it leaves the mountains, it has a westerly course, but bending sharply to the south, it flows in that direction to the sea. It has a broad, flat flood plain, from 300 feet (91 m) to 0.5 miles (0.80 km) in width. In the upper part of its course, the river flows in greenstones, but below its bend, to the south, it cuts phyllites and slates. A rough estimate of the fall of river makes it about 15–18 feet (4.6–5.5 m) per mile. Buhner Creek joins Anakovik River about 2 miles (3.2 km) above the mouth of Deer Creek.
It is situated about 12 miles (19 km) east of Cape Prince of Wales and is 15 miles (24 km) long. Through the greater part of its length, it flows across the York Plateau, in which it has cut a comparatively broad valley. For several miles above its mouth, the valley and river bed contain gravels several feet deep and 200–300 feet (61–91 m) wide. In 1900, the whole of this river was regarded as gold-placer ground, but eventually, all the workings were abandoned. The fine gold was generally bright, but the nuggets were iron stained. Cassiterite and magnetite were found with the gold in the concentrates.
A small settlement at the mouth of Anakovik River, known as York, is the distributing point for the region; it is about 85 miles (137 km) from Nome and 45 miles (72 km) from Port Clarence.

Assumption University may refer to:

Assumption University (Worcester), Massachusetts, United States
Assumption University (Windsor, Ontario), a federated college of University of Windsor, Canada
Assumption University of Thailand
University of the Assumption, Philippines

Corticattus is a genus of Caribbean jumping spiders that was first described by J. X. Zhang & Wayne Paul Maddison in 2012. As of June 2019 it contains only two species, found only on Hispaniola and in Puerto Rico: C. guajataca and C. latus.

Encarna is a given name. Notable people with the given name include:

Encarna Abad (born 1927), Spanish actress
Encarna Granados (born 1972), Spanish race walker
Encarna Paso (1931–2019), Spanish film and television actress
Encarna Sánchez (1935–1996), Spanish talk radio host and current events commentator

Ethiolimnia is a genus of flies in the family Sciomyzidae, the marsh flies or snail-killing flies.

Eva Johnston (14 May 1865 – 30 November 1941) was an American philologist and classical scholar. She was the first woman to receive a doctorate from the University of Königsberg and was second woman professor at the University of Missouri.

John Elsworthy (26 July 1931 – 3 May 2009) was a Welsh footballer. A midfielder, he was signed by Ipswich Town manager Scott Duncan in May 1949, after playing as an amateur for Newport County. He played all his professional club football for Ipswich Town. He won four championship medals during Ipswich's rise up the divisions in the 1950s. As a member of Ipswich, he won Third Division South in 1953–54 and 1956–57, the Second Division in 1960–61 and the First Division league championship in 1961–62. He was selected to play for the Third Division South representative team in 1956–57.
Elsworthy was part of the Wales squad for the 1958 FIFA World Cup in Sweden but did not travel to Sweden as the Welsh FA could not afford to send a full squad. Although a member of the World Cup squad, Elsworthy was never capped by his country. In all competitions, he played 435 games and scored 53 goals for Ipswich Town between 1949 and 1965. He was an inductee of the Ipswich Hall of Fame.
After retiring from football he ran a post office branch in Ipswich. In his later years, he suffered from Alzheimer's disease. He died in May 2009, aged 77.

Megacorma is a genus of moths in the family Sphingidae. The genus was erected by Walter Rothschild and Karl Jordan in 1903.

Mellow Madness is a 1975 studio album by Quincy Jones. It was Jones's first album recorded since treatment for a cerebral aneurysm. The album introduced the R&B public to The Brothers Johnson, who co-wrote four of the album tracks.

Mojtaba Hosseini Khamenei (born 8 September 1969) is an Iranian cleric and politician who has served as the third supreme leader of Iran since 2026. A member of the Khamenei family and the second son of second supreme leader Ali Khamenei, he previously served as Vakil of the Supreme Leader during his father's rule from 2008 to 2026.
Born in Mashhad, Khamenei received an early education in Sardasht and Mahabad, and graduated from high school in Tehran. He then studied Islamic theology under the guidance of his father and Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi. He joined the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) in 1987 and served in the Iran–Iraq War. In 1989, he began studying in Qom to become a cleric, and later joined the Qom Seminary as a theology teacher. He took control of the Basij paramilitary volunteer militia in 2009.
Analysts considered Khamenei a likely candidate to replace his father as Supreme Leader, despite reports that Ali Khamenei had opposed his accession. Following his father's assassination during the 2026 Iran war, Khamenei was elected the third supreme leader by the Assembly of Experts. Khamenei was injured in the airstrike that killed his father, and his appointment was followed by a prolonged absence from public view, causing confusion over his fate.
In political ideology and jurisprudence, Khamenei is considered to be more hardline than his father and has close ties to some of the "most ideologically extremist clerics" according to a report from the Atlantic Council, a pro-NATO think tank.

Royal Air Force Old Buckenham or more simply RAF Old Buckenham is a former Royal Air Force station located 2 miles (3.2 km) south east of Attleborough, Norfolk, England which was used during the Second World War by the United States for the strategic bombing campaign against Germany.
The airfield is in civilian use as Old Buckenham Airport. At the centre of the modern-day airfield is a black granite memorial to the 366 United States Army Air Force (USAAF) servicemen who died serving from the base in the Second World War. The airfield mainly handles General Aviation traffic. A 1941 Boeing Stearman operates from the airfield and a 1943 D Day veteran Piper J-3 Cub is also based at the field. The airfield has adopted a shield carved in wood by a serving USAAF officer at the base during the war as its logo.

Raiffeisen-Landesbank Tirol A.G. (lit. 'Raiffeisen State Bank of Tyrol') is an Austrian grouping of cooperative banks based in Innsbruck, Tyrol. The bank is the central institute of Raiffeisenbank in Tyrol. The bank is a member of Raiffeisen Bankengruppe (as one of the eight Raiffeisen-Landesbank of Austria), which is a member of Österreichischer Raiffeisenverband, and in turn a member of Internationale Raiffeisen-Union.
The bank was one of the shareholders of Raiffeisen Bank International (for 3.7% of shares), the national central bank of Austrian Raiffeisenbank.
The bank also formed a joint venture AlpenBank with its Italian counterpart: Raiffeisen Landesbank Südtirol – Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen dell'Alto Adige.

Rhodopteriana ulembwana is a moth in the family Eupterotidae. It was described by Philippe Darge in 2013. It is found in Tanzania.

Rolando Quintanilla (born September 17, 1977) is a Mexican former racing driver from Nuevo Laredo.
After a youth in motocross and amateur racing in SCCA Formula Continental and Formula Ford 2000, Quintanilla made his Indy Lights debut in 1999 for Conquest Racing. He competed full-time in 2000 for the same team and finished 16th in points. He switched teams to his own Roquin Motorsports/Escudería Telmex in 2001 and moved up to tenth in points in the series' final year of operation. He took Roquin to the Infiniti Pro Series (now called Indy NXT) in 2002 and finished eleventh. He made two IPS starts in 2003 and returned full-time in 2004 and finished a career best seventh in points. In the combined Indy Lights series, he had 42 starts with a best finish of third in 2004 at Kansas Speedway and a best CART Indy Lights finish of fourth in 2001 at Texas Motor Speedway. During his career, Quintanilla also tested for numerous teams in the CART and Indycar series logging miles for chassis and tire development.
Quintanilla resided in Calabasas, California and attended Pepperdine University.

Suzanne Clarke McDonough (born Suzanne B. Clarke in 1933) is an American socialite and anti-drug activist.

Tensho may refer to:

Tenshō (Heian period) (天承), a Japanese era from 1131–1132
Tenshō (Momoyama period) (天正), a Japanese era from 1573–1592
Tensho (kata), a kata originating from Gōjū-ryū karate
Tenshō (director) (天衝, born Motoki Tanaka (田中 基樹)), Japanese animation director
1586 Tenshō earthquake, seismic event in Japan

Warthog Games Limited was a British video game developer, located in Cheadle Hulme, Stockport. It was a subsidiary of Warthog plc which had studios in Sweden and the United States.
The developer later developed titles as Gizmondo Europe, before the company disbanded; key staff formed Embryonic Studios and the brand was relaunched by CFAO as Warthog Entertainment.

Yeongdong County (Korean: 영동군) is a county in North Chungcheong Province, South Korea.  The county should not be confused with the similarly named Yeongdong region.
During the Korean War, this county was the site of the No Gun Ri Massacre.

Alan Lake Chidsey (March 13, 1904 – October 1980) was an American secondary educator and college administrator.

Alfred Roger Jephcott JP (14 February 1853 – 14 March 1932) was a British engineer, trade unionist and Conservative Party politician from Birmingham. He sat in the House of Commons from 1918 to 1929.

The Azali (Ancient Greek: Ἄζαλοι) were a Pannonian Illyrian people. They originally lived in Pannonia, northern Illyria. They were one of the tribal groups which revolted in the Bellum Batonianum and like other Pannonian Illyrians, they were forcibly moved out of the region. The exact date of the resettlement is unclear as the Transdanubian area, where they were settled, passed under Roman control after the Illyrian revolt. The Azali were settled in the Roman frontier between the Celtic Boii and Eravisci. In their new homeland they were organized as a civitas (municipium Azaliorum). Their chief settlement was Brigetio, contemporary Szőny.
Azali culture is depicted on grave reliefs in Brigetion and Szomód. The Azali women who are depicted on the gravestones wore "long-sleeved dresses under an overgarment", headdresses and occasionally veils.

Blaster Master Zero 2 is a platform video game developed and published by Inti Creates. It was released in March 2019 for the Nintendo Switch, in November 2019 for Windows, and in June 2020 for PlayStation 4. Versions for the Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S were released on July 15, 2021. The game is a sequel to the Blaster Master Zero, which was a remake of Sunsoft's Blaster Master for the Nintendo Entertainment System. A sequel, Blaster Master Zero 3, was released in 2021.

Edward "Ned" Kendall (March 1, 1808 in Fort Wolcott, Goat Island, Rhode Island – October 26, 1861 in Boston) was a bandleader and musician who played the keyed bugle. He was known for his Boston Brass Band, itself a pioneer in all-brass bands, and for a trumpet-playing showdown with the former leader of the Boston Brigade Band, Patrick Gilmore. He was also known for his silver bugle, a gift from Queen Victoria.
Kendall formed or took leadership of the Boston Brass Band in 1835, at a time when band instruments were changing. He played the keyed bugle, an instrument first made by Nathan Adams of Lowell, Massachusetts, c. 1825. The instruments had become popular with bands very soon, and were common by 1830. Ned was considered among the best on his chosen instrument, and his death seen as the "end of an era" for the instrument, as the valved cornet took over in the bands.
One of Kendall's instruments, a keyed bugle made H. Sibley, Boston, was given to the Library of Congress.

Ellicottville Historic District is a historic district located at Ellicottville in Cattaraugus County, New York. The district encompasses the historic core of the village of Ellicottville with structures associated with the civic, commercial, religious, educational, and residential life of the village between 1817 and 1935. The structures reflect a variety of 19th-century and early 20th-century architectural styles including Queen Anne, Federal, and Greek Revival styles. The district contains 63 contributing and 3 non-contributing structures. Located within the district is the Ellicottville Town Hall.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

Eve Arnold, OBE (honorary), FRPS (honorary) (née Cohen; April 21, 1912 – January 4, 2012) was an American photojournalist, long-resident in the UK. She joined Magnum Photos agency in 1951, and became a full member in 1957. She was the first woman to join the agency. She frequently photographed Marilyn Monroe, including candid-style photos on the set of The Misfits (1961).

The 2022 Women's Asian Games Qualifier was the qualification tournament for the women's field hockey event at the 2022 Asian Games. It was held from 6 to 14 June 2022 in Jakarta, Indonesia and the top six teams qualified for the 2022 Asian Games.

Ghislaine Dupont (French: [ʒislɛn dypɔ̃]; 13 January 1956 – 2 November 2013) was a French journalist who specialised in African issues.

"Le cose che vivi" (English: The things that you live through) is a song recorded by Italian singer Laura Pausini for her third Italian-language studio album, Le cose che vivi. The song was released as the album's second single in September 1996. Pausini also recorded a Spanish-language version of the song, titled "Las cosas que vives" and a Portuguese-language version, with the title "Tudo o que eu vivo".
The song was also included on Pausini's compilation album The Best of Laura Pausini: E ritorno da te, released in 2001.
In 2013, the song is re-recorded for Pausini's compilation album 20 - The Greatest Hits / 20 - Grandes Éxitos with Brazilian singer Ivete Sangalo, in both Italian-Portuguese and Spanish-Portuguese versions.

This is a list of albums that reached number-one on the ARIA Urban Albums Chart in 2002. The ARIA Urban Albums Chart is a weekly chart that ranks the best-performing urban albums in Australia. It is published by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), an organisation that collects music data for the weekly ARIA Charts. To be eligible to appear on the chart, the recording must be an album of a predominantly urban nature.

The  moriche oriole (Icterus cayanensis chrysocephalus) is a passerine bird in the New World family Icteridae. It is unrelated to Old World orioles (family Oriolidae). It is a breeding resident in the tropics of eastern South America. This bird is noted for its close association with the palm Mauritia flexuosa (moriche, buriti, ita, ité, etc.).
This ecologically distinct bird was formerly treated as a species Icterus chrysocephalus. It was eventually found to be embedded in the epaulet oriole (I. cayanensis) clade. Thus, for example the AOU, since 2005, has lumped the moriche oriole into I. cayanensis. The subspecific structure of I. cayanensis is still rather puzzling.
This is a slim bird, 8.7 inches (22 cm) long and weighing 1.5 oz (43 g), with a long tail and thin decurved bill. It has mainly black plumage, apart from a bright yellow crown, rump, thighs and wing epaulets. The sexes are similar, but the juvenile bird is dark brown rather than black, with duller yellow patches.
The song of the moriche oriole is a squeaky whistling heaaa-wheeooo-heaaa. This is an often-conspicuous species near its favored tree, and usually occurs singly or in pairs.

The mochique oriole breeds from eastern Colombia, Venezuela, Trinidad and the Guianas, and south to eastern Ecuador, Paraguay and northern Brazil. The Trinidadian population may have originated from recent colonization or escapes. It is most common from sea level up to 1,600 ft (490 m) ASL, but here and there it reaches up to around 3,300 ft (1,000 m) in the eastern foothills of the Andes, which mark the western border or its range.
The moriche oriole is a bird closely associated with moriche palms (Mauritia flexuosa), and it is found in the forests, swamps or savannah where that tree occurs. This bird eats mainly insects, but will also take nectar and some fruit. Its nest is a long hanging basket of grass and other plant fibers, suspended from the end of a moriche palm branch. The normal clutch is two dark-spotted pale blue or white eggs.
It is affected to some extent by trapping for the cagebird trade, but can cope with heavy disturbance to its habitat as long as some moriche palms remain.

Mălădia may refer to:

Mălădia [ro], a village in Măeriște Commune, Sălaj County, Romania
Mălădia River, a tributary of Crasna River (Tisza) in Romania

Neil George Doak (born 21 June 1972) is a Northern Irish former cricketer and rugby union player. He is the former head coach of the Ireland U20 rugby union team. 
He has served as attack and backs coach with English club side Worcester Warriors, and Georgia during the 2020 Autumn Nations Cup. Doak previously worked as attack and backs coach of Irish provincial side Ulster from 2008 to 2017, where he also spent his professional playing career. During his time with Ulster, he had brief stints as a coach with Ireland and Emerging Ireland.

The North Rustico Harbour Light  is an active  lighthouse on the central north coast of Prince Edward Island, Canada. The station was established in 1876 and the lighthouse itself was built in 1899. It is still active, and has a focal plane of 12.5 m (41 ft); and a yellow light, 5 seconds on, 5 seconds off. The tower itself is 10 m (34 ft) high with a square pyramidal wood tower with lantern and gallery.

Rhopalessa moraguesi  is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Tavakilian and Penaherrera-Leiva in 2003.

San Dionisio is a municipality in the Usulután department of El Salvador.

St Kentigern's Church stands in the village of Aspatria, Cumbria, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the rural deanery of Maryport, the archdeaconry of Carlisle and the diocese of Carlisle.  The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II* listed building. It is dedicated to St Kentigern, the apostle of Strathclyde, whom it is believed passed by and preached at the Holy well, on his way into exile in Wales, in the 6th century. He was also known as Mungo, which means good friend.

Turtlepoint is an unincorporated community in Annin Township, McKean County, Pennsylvania, United States. The community is located along Pennsylvania Route 155, approximately 5.2 miles (8.4 km) northwest of Port Allegany. Turtlepoint has a post office with ZIP code 16750.  The Allegheny River flows through the area.
The area is notable for its large, flat farm fields, a rarity in mountainous Northern Pennsylvania. The community is also home to a gravel pit business.
A center of the community is Carlsons' Store, which features a grocery store, meat market, deli, US Post Office, and agricultural supplies/feed store.  It has been operated by the Carlson family for several generations and is a rare remaining example of the general stores that were common in rural parts of North America in the middle of the twentieth century.

VITAL may refer to:

Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial, a 7 year clinical trial
VHDL-VITAL, VHDL Initiative Towards ASIC Libraries
VITAL (machine learning software)
VITAL (asset management software), a software suite of digital asset management products by VTLS based on the open source Fedora architecture
VITAL (ventilator), NASA ventilator developed during the COVID-19 pandemic

Beaufortia kweichowensis is a species of gastromyzontid loach. It is endemic to China where it is known from the Xi River. The common names for this popular aquarium species are Chinese hillstream loach, Hong Kong pleco, butterfly hillstream loach, and Chinese sucker fish.

Bluebeard's Eighth Wife is a 1938 American romantic comedy film produced and directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Claudette Colbert and Gary Cooper. The film is based on the 1921 French play La huitième femme de Barbe-Bleue by Alfred Savoir and the English translation of the play by Charlton Andrews. The screenplay was the first of many collaborations between Charles Brackett and Billy Wilder. The film is a remake of the 1923 silent version directed by Sam Wood and starring Gloria Swanson.
After Bluebeard's Eighth Wife underperformed at the box office, Paramount Pictures released Lubitsch to go to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Cebiv is a municipality and village in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 300 inhabitants.
Cebiv lies approximately 27 kilometres (17 mi) east of Tachov, 30 km (19 mi) west of Plzeň, and 108 km (67 mi) west of Prague.

Congocharax is a monospecific genus of freshwater ray-finned fish belonging to the family Distichodontidae. The only species in this genus is Congocharax olbrechtsi, a fish which is found in the central basin of the Congo River in the Democratic Republic of Congo.

Domaine de Chevalier is a Bordeaux wine from the Pessac-Léognan appellation, ranked among the Crus Classés for red and white wine in the Classification of Graves wine of 1953 and 1959. The winery and vineyards are located south of the city of Bordeaux, in the commune of Léognan. It is one of a very few Bordeaux estates to be named domaine instead of château.

George Benedict Zabelka (1915–1992) was a Catholic wartime chaplain of the U.S. Army Air Force. He was assigned to the 509th Composite Group, the unit which was responsible for dropping the atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Stationed on Tinian Island, his duties included saying Mass on Sunday and during the week, hearing confessions, talking with the soldiers, and other typical duties of a wartime chaplain. He later followed a theology of Gospel nonviolence.

Grasshopper Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest, in the US state of Wyoming on the east of the Continental Divide in the Wind River Range. Grasshopper Glacier is in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness, and is part of the largest grouping of glaciers in the American Rocky Mountains. The glacier flows north, and glacial runoff supplies water to Grasshopper Creek, flowing eventually into the Wind River. The glacier shares a glacial margin with Klondike Glacier, located to the south. The glacier is named for grasshoppers that have been found entombed in the ice.
Between September 6 and 10, 2003, a glacial lake outburst flood (GLOF) was recorded when the proglacial lake at the head of the glacier burst through a glacial dam, and water from the lake carved a trench down the center of the glacier for over a half-mile (.8 km). An estimated 650 million gallons of water were released in four days, raising the flow level of Dinwoody Creek from 200 ft3 (5.7×10−9 km3) per second to 900 ft3 (2.5×10−8 km3) per second, as recorded at a gauging station 17 mi (27 km) downstream. Debris from the flood was deposited more than 20 mi (32 km) downstream. The GLOF has been attributed to the rapid retreat of the glacier, which has been ongoing since the glacier was first accurately measured in the 1960s.

Kevin Moore (born 6 February 1954) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

Lipocarpha occidentalis, the Western halfchaff sedge, or Pacific halfchaff sedge, is a plant species native to western part of the United States but cultivated as an ornamental in other regions. It is widespread in California (in the Mojave and Sonoran Deserts, the Central Valley, and the Redwood Country), with populations also reported from Oregon (Klamath County) and Washington state (Klickitat County).
Lipocarpha occidentalis is an annual herb up to 50 cm tall, forming clumps but not rhizomes. Culms are round in cross-section. Leaves are bristly, up to 3 cm long. Inflorescence an egg-shaped cluster of spikes; each spike with 2 scales, each scale subtending a hermaphroditic flower. Achenes are egg-shaped, up to 1 mm long.



Michał Zapaśnik (born 19 July 1988) is a Polish former professional footballer who played as a striker.

Peter Richard Dale (born 30 October 1963) is an Australian swimmer. He competed in two events at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Principles of Biology is a college level biology electronic textbook published by Nature Publishing in 2011. The book is not a digitally reformatted version of a paper book. The book, the first in a projected series, is Nature Publishing's first foray into textbook publishing.



Rodney Jarvis Sherman (December 25, 1944 – February 6, 2024) was an American professional football player who was a wide receiver in the American Football League (AFL) and National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the USC Trojans.

Saka (or saakaa) (Punjabi: ਸਾਕਾ) refers to a significant event in Sikh history, most often a martyrdom or a turning and key moment in Sikh history involving mass sacrifice for a major religious struggle for rights as per Sikh philosophy. The most famous examples are the Saka Sirhind and Nankana massacre.

Salivary gland aplasia (also termed salivary gland agenesis) is the congenital absence of salivary glands. Usually the term relates to the absence of some or all of the major salivary glands.
It is a rare condition, and most known cases have been in association with syndromes of the ectodermal tissues, particularly the lacrimal apparatus. Example syndromes which have been reported with salivary gland aplasia include hereditary ectodermal dysplasia, mandibulofacial dysostosis and hemifacial microsomia.
The main significance of the condition is a lack of saliva, causing xerostomia (dry mouth), with accompanying susceptibility to dental caries (tooth decay), infections of the mouth, and upper respiratory tract infections (e.g., candidiasis, ascending sialadenitis, laryngitis and pharyngitis). Patients with salivary gland aplasia typically require regular application of topical fluoride to prevent tooth decay.

Sodium/hydrogen exchanger 11, also known as solute carrier family 9, member 11, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SLC9A11 gene. SLC9A11 is a member of the sodium-hydrogen exchanger (NHE) family.

Tamiji Sato (佐藤 多美治, Satō Tamiji; born December 14, 1939) is a retired Japanese freestyle wrestler. He competed at the 1960 Olympics and 1961 World Championships in the 62 kg division and finished fourth on both occasions.

Trnovlje is a Slovene place name that may refer to:

Settlements
Trnovlje pri Celju, a village in the City Municipality of Celje, central-eastern Slovenia
Trnovlje pri Socki, a village in the Municipality of Vojnik, northeastern Slovenia
Trnovlje, a former name of Cerklje na Gorenjskem
Trnovlje (local community), a local community of Celje

Yoji Iwase (岩瀬 洋志（いわせ ようじ）, Iwase Yōji; born January 6, 2004) is a Japanese actor. He is managed by the talent agency A-Plus.

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).

The 9th Curtis Cup Match was played on 8 and 9 June 1956 at Prince's Golf Club in Sandwich, Kent, England. The British Isles won by 5 matches to 4, to win the Curtis Cup for the second time.
The United States won two of the three foursomes matches but the British Isles won four of the six singles to win by five matches to four.

The 1970 Chicago White Sox season was the team's 70th season in the American League, and its 71st overall. They finished with a 56–106 record, their third-worst in 114 seasons of Major League Baseball[a], and finished in last position in the American League West, 42 wins behind the first-place Minnesota Twins.
Manager Don Gutteridge was fired September 1 with the team 49–87. Bill Adair served briefly as interim manager before Chuck Tanner, manager of the White Sox' Class AAA affiliate in Hawaii, came to the mainland to assume the position with the parent club. Tanner went 3–13 to close 1970 and remained skipper on the South Side through 1975.
The White Sox drew a paltry 495,355 fans to Comiskey Park, the lowest total in Major League Baseball.
In 1970, the White Sox hired organist Nancy Faust, who was a fixture at Comiskey and its successor, U.S. Cellular Field, for 40 years.
This was their last season of 100 losses or more until 2018, when they reached the century mark on the final day of the season.

Abalistes is a small genus of marine ray-finned fishes belonging to the family Balistidae, the triggerfishes. These triggerfishes are found in the Indo-Pacific and eastern Atlantic. This genus contains two recognised species.



Angina, in full angina pectoris, is chest pain or pressure, usually caused by insufficient blood flow to the heart muscle (myocardium). It is most commonly a symptom of coronary artery disease.
Angina is typically the result of partial obstruction or spasm of the arteries that supply blood to the heart muscle. The main mechanism of coronary artery obstruction is atherosclerosis as part of coronary artery disease. Other causes of angina include abnormal heart rhythms, heart failure and, less commonly, anemia. The term derives from Latin  angere 'to strangle' and  pectus 'chest', and can therefore be translated as "a strangling feeling in the chest".
An urgent medical assessment is suggested to rule out serious medical conditions. There is a relationship between severity of angina and degree of oxygen deprivation in the heart muscle. However, the severity of angina does not always match the degree of oxygen deprivation to the heart or the risk of a heart attack (myocardial infarction). Some people may experience severe pain even though there is little risk of a heart attack whilst others may have a heart attack and experience little or no pain. In some cases, angina can be quite severe. Worsening angina attacks, sudden-onset angina at rest, and angina lasting more than 15 minutes are symptoms of unstable angina (usually grouped with similar conditions as the acute coronary syndrome). As these may precede a heart attack, they require urgent medical attention and are, in general, treated similarly to heart attacks.
In the early 20th century, severe angina was seen as a sign of impending death. However, modern medical therapies have improved the outlook substantially. Middle-age patients who experience moderate to severe angina (grading by classes II, III, and IV) have a five-year survival rate of approximately 92%.

Ashraf Mahmud Linkon (Bengali: আশরাফ মাহমুদ লিংকন; born 6 June 1990) is a retired Bangladeshi footballer who plays as a midfielder or a full-back. He represented the Bangladesh national football team from 2011 to 2015.

The sixth season of Australia's Next Top Model premiered on 20 July 2010 on Fox8. Sarah Murdoch returned as the host and leading judge for this season. Alex Perry and Charlotte Dawson also returned as judges.
The prizes for this season included a one-year modelling contract with Priscilla's Model Management, a A$25,000 contract to be the face Levi’s, a trip to New York to meet with Elite Model Management, a brand new Ford Fiesta Zetec, an eight-page editorial spread and the cover of Harper's Bazaar Australia, and A$20,000 courtesy of U by Kotex.
The winner of the competition was 17-year-old Amanda Ware from Mermaid Beach, Queensland.

Belfast Confetti is the third solo studio album by Ricky Warwick, the frontman for The Almighty and Black Star Riders. It was released in May 2009 on DR2 Records, and was produced by Warwick, Tim Boland and Tom Vitorino. It takes its name from the slang term "Belfast confetti", referring to the large screws, bolts, and metal shop scrap used by rioters.

Borzabad or Barzabad (Persian: برزاباد) may refer to:

Barzabad, Isfahan
Borzabad, Isfahan
Borzabad, Markazi
Borzabad, North Khorasan

Clark County Courthouse was a historic courthouse located at Kahoka, Clark County, Missouri. It was built in 1871, and was a two-story, cross-plan, brick building sheathed in stucco. The building featured quoins, bracketed eaves, and an octagonal cupola.  It was demolished following a 2010 vote.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

Connie Sue Yori (born October 3, 1963) is the former head coach of the Nebraska Cornhuskers women's basketball team representing the University of Nebraska in NCAA Division I competition. She formerly coached Loras College (a Division III school) from 1990 to 1992 and Creighton from 1992 to 2002. In 2009–10, Yori was named the Naismith College Coach of the Year, AP College Basketball Coach of the Year and the Women's Basketball Coaches Association Coach of the Year after guiding Nebraska to a 32–2 record and the school's first-ever trip to the NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Championship Sweet 16.

Cruel but Necessary is a 2005 independent film directed by Canadian actor/film director Saul Rubinek. Actress Wendel Meldrum took a turn as a screenwriter for this project. Meldrum stars in the film as Betty Munson, a woman struggling to put her life back together after her marriage falls apart. Betty decides to secretly videotape family, friends, and others to help understand the truth of her life. Meldrum's own ex-husband Mark Humphrey and son Luke Humphrey play her onscreen ex-husband and son.
Portions of Cruel but Necessary were posted on YouTube beginning in 2007. The film was released on DVD November 11, 2008.

The women's qualification for the Olympic field hockey tournament occurred between August 2023 and January 2024, allocating twelve teams for the final tournament. All five FIH (International Hockey Federation) zones secured a continental representation in the Olympic field hockey event.
The host nation France received a direct quota place in the women's tournament after having attained the top twenty-five spot or higher in the FIH world ranking list. The remaining half of the field attributed the quota places to the top three teams in each of the two separate FIH Olympic qualifying tournaments.

The Forum Queeres Archiv München (English: Forum Queer Archive Munich - LGBTIQ* in History and Culture) in Munich, Germany, is an association and archive with collections focusing on LGBTQ+ history and culture in Munich, Bavaria and Germany. It opened in 1999 and was named forum homosexualität münchen – Lesben und Schwule in Geschichte und Kultur e.V. till 2019.

James Brown (September 11, 1766 – April 7, 1835) was an American lawyer, planter, diplomat and politician who served as a Secretary of State for the new state of Kentucky, and later as U.S. Senator from Louisiana, and Minister to France (1823–1829) before his retirement and death in Philadelphia.

Leopoldo Augusto de Cueto y López de Ortega, 1st Marquis of Valmar (16 July 1815 – 12 January 1901) was a Spanish noble, writer, diplomat and politician.
He was born in Cartagena, Spain.  He served as Minister of State in 1857.  He died in Madrid, aged 85.

Offenburg is an electoral constituency (German: Wahlkreis) represented in the Landtag of Baden-Württemberg.
Since 2026, it has elected one member via first-past-the-post voting. Voters cast a second vote under which additional seats are allocated proportionally state-wide. Under the constituency numbering system, it is designated as constituency 51.
It is wholly within the district of Ortenaukreis.

Ośno [ˈɔɕnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is located in the region of Kuyavia.

Pankhuri Gidwani is an Indian actress who appeared in the films and Hindi OTT drama series, such as Leaked!. Pankhuri was 2nd Runner Up in Femina Miss India 2016. In 2021, Pankhuri was appointed Uttar Pradesh's first brand ambassador for Khadi.

Woods Mill is a  19-hectare (47-acre) nature reserve south of Henfield in West Sussex. It is managed by the Sussex Wildlife Trust.
This is the headquarters of the trust and an environmental education centre. The main feature of the nature reserve is a lake, which has many damselflies and dragonflies, such as the scarce chaser and downy emerald. There is also a large area of ancient woodland, with oak, silver birch and coppiced hazel.
The Reserve celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2018 with the support of Scottish Power. [1]

The 1989–90 Toronto Maple Leafs season was Toronto's 73rd season in the National Hockey League (NHL). The Maple Leafs had their first non-losing season since the 1978–79 NHL season, and qualified for the playoffs after missing the prior year. Gary Leeman became the second member of the Maple Leafs to score 50 goals in one season.



The 2011 Monaco Grand Prix, formally the Formula 1 Grand Prix de Monaco 2011, was held on 29 May 2011 at the Circuit de Monaco in Monte Carlo, Monaco. Sixth round of the 2011 Formula One season, the 78 lap race was won by the championship leader, Red Bull Racing's Sebastian Vettel who started from pole position. Ferrari's Fernando Alonso was second and McLaren's Jenson Button third.
Winner Vettel extended his lead in the World Drivers' Championship to 58 points over Lewis Hamilton who was sixth. Mark Webber finished fourth and maintained third place in the championship, six points behind Hamilton in third and three ahead of Button. In the World Constructors' Championship, Red Bull extended its lead over McLaren to 61 points, with Ferrari being a further 68 points behind.

ARA Guerrico (P-32) was a Drummond-class corvette of the Argentine Navy. She was the first vessel to be named after Rear Admiral Martín Guerrico who fought in the 19th century Paraguayan War.
She was based at Mar del Plata and conducts fishery patrol duties in the Argentine exclusive economic zone where she has captured several trawlers. According to reports in November 2012 the Drummond class "hardly sail[ed] because of lack of resources for operational expenses". As of 2020, she was reported in reserve and she was finally retired from service in 2024.

Alucita butleri is a species of moth of the family Alucitidae. It is known from South Africa.

Anachis teevani is a species of sea snail in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.

Ariadne enotrea, the African castor, is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Benin, Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, the Republic of the Congo, the Central African Republic, Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, Angola and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The habitat consists of forests (especially disturbed areas) and heavy woodland.
The larvae feed on Tragia species T. benthami, T. volubilis, T. brevipes and Dalechampia ipomaefolia.

Bowling railway station was a railway station located in the village of Bowling, Scotland, on the Lanarkshire and Dunbartonshire Railway.
Bowling station was closed in 1951 before this section of the L&DR was abandoned in 1960 (the parallel GH&DR being retained and electrified as part of the North Clyde electrification scheme). The trackbed through Bowling now forms a footpath and cycleway, part of National Cycle Network Route 7.

Eren Bülbül (1 January 2002 – 11 August 2017) was a Turkish 15-year-old boy from Maçka, Trabzon who was killed during the clashes between the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) and the Turkish security forces in part of a Turkish military patrol during the Turkish-PKK conflict.

Edward Hermany (December 23, 1832 – July 24, 1896) was an American poet who wrote in both English and the Pennsylvania Dutch language. He was born and died in Lynn Township, Pennsylvania. Edward Hermany's brother was the engineer and architect Charles Hermany.
Hermany's English-language manuscripts are in the collections of the Lehigh County Historical Society. His unpublished manuscripts in Pennsylvania German are at Muhlenberg College.

The Familia do Norte (Northern Family, FDN) is a criminal faction that occupies northern Brazil and some regions in other countries such as: Colombia, Peru and Venezuela. It is considered the 3rd largest faction in Brazil, and the largest in the state of Amazonas, in addition to not having good relations with other Brazilian factions, having already entered into several faction wars.
The group was created in 2007 by Fernandes Barbosa, Zé Roberto da Compensa and Gelson Carnaúba (known as Mano G.), it emerged in prisons and outskirts of Manaus, as a way of fighting to prevent the precarious and dangerous conditions that affected prisoners in Manaus. Between 2015 and 2018, the Familia do Norte and the Comando Vermelho formed an alliance to prevent the advance of the Primeiro Comando da Capital in Amazonas, generating the War between the PCC and CV in 2016. In 2018, the alliance dissolved, generating a confrontation between the Comando Vermelho and Familia do Norte, weakening the faction. The Familia do Norte also has its football team: Compensão, in which it has already invested 320 thousand reais (55 thousand dollars).

Fróði Benjaminsen (born 14 December 1977) is a Faroese former footballer who played as a defender or midfielder. Benjaminsen previously played for HB Tórshavn, B68 Toftir, Fram Reykjavík, B36 Tórshavn and Skála ÍF. He made 95 appearances for the Faroe Islands and captained the national team since 2008. In 2015, he retired from the national team, but continued to play at club level until 2022. On 16 August 2016, Benjaminsen came out of international retirement to play against Hungary in the FIFA World Cup 2018 qualification phase.

Lecidea aptrootii is a species of saxicolous (rock-dwelling), crustose lichen in the family Lecideaceae. Described as a new species in 2018, it is found in northwestern Pakistan, where it grows on exposed siliceous rocks. This lichen forms a thin crust that breaks into irregular, tile-shaped patches coloured greenish-grey to pale brown, and produces frequent black, disc-shaped fruiting bodies up to 1.5 mm wide with thin raised rims.



Massimo Pilotti (1 August 1879 – 29 April 1962) was an Italian jurist and judge. Pilotti was the first President of the European Court of Justice at Luxembourg.

Popatrao Baguji Pawar (born 1960) is the farmer sarpanch of Hiware Bazar, a gram panchayat in Ahilya nagar district of Maharashtra India.  He was the only post graduate in the village. In 2020, he received the Padma Shri honour from the Government of India for his contribution in the field of social work.
He is the Executive Director of Maharashtra state government's Model Village programme. He is credited to have transformed it from an impoverished village into a model of development that the government of Maharashtra wishes to implement across the state. 
Pawar led Hiware Bazar's transformation from a drought- prone village to a green and prosperous model village, thus successfully reproducing Anna Hazare's Ralegaon Siddhi model of village development. He featured in an India Today cover story as the person who demonstrated how rural water resources could be revived. 
The Hiware bazare gram panchayat, with Pawar as its sarpanch, won the first National Award for community led water conservation in 2007. 
In an interview with Nikhil Wagle on IBN Lokmat, Pawar describes his entry into public life as an accident. In relation to the control of malaria he is quoted to have said "Show me one mosquito (in Hiware bazar) and take away Rs 100."
He speaks regularly at Policy BootCamp, a flagship summer school in public policy conducted by Vision India Foundation.

Potiosa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.

Rubedo is a Latin word meaning "redness" that was adopted by alchemists to define the fourth and final major stage in their magnum opus. Both gold and the philosopher's stone were associated with the color red, as rubedo signaled alchemical success, and the end of the great work. Rubedo is also known by the Greek word iosis.

Srinivasapuram (சீனிவாசபுரம்) is a an area located in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.  It is centered between Santhome and Adyar, along the shore of the sea. As of 2011, it has a population of 299.

The Circus Princess (German: Die Zirkusprinzessin) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Adolf Gärtner and starring Josefine Dora, Olga Engl and Johanna Ewald. It is based on the operetta Die Zirkusprinzessin. Another German silent film adaptation was released in 1929. The film's sets were designed by the art director Carl Ludwig Kirmse.

Tokhmarevo (Russian: Тохмарево) is a rural locality (a village) in Dvinitskoye Rural Settlement, Sokolsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 2 as of 2002.

"What About Love" is a song originally recorded by Canadian rock band Toronto in 1982. It was later recorded by American rock band Heart in 1985 and was released as the first single from the band's self-titled album, Heart. The band's "comeback" single, it was the first Heart track to reach the top 40 on the Billboard Hot 100 in three years, and their first top 10 hit in five. The song was also their first hit single on their new record label, Capitol Records. Grace Slick and Mickey Thomas, co-lead vocalists of Starship at the time, provide additional background vocals on the song.

Jamie Delgado and Jonathan Marray were the defending champions, but both players chose not to participate.
Johan Brunström and Frederik Nielsen won the title, defeating Treat Conrad Huey and Dominic Inglot in the final 6–3, 3–6, [10–6].

Abhishek Chauhan (born 14 October 1991) is an Indian actor and former theatre artist who works primarily in Hindi-language web series and films.

Blues, Rags and Stomps, Op. 1, was composed by Robert Boury between 1970-1973.  It consists two books, three movements each.  Boury composed mostly during his graduate study at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.   The first set was nicknamed “Varsity Rags”, which Eubie Blake admired and told the audience, “Now that’s ragtime”, after he heard Boury’s performance at the 1971 Toronto ragtime Festival.
Book I and II consist of three movements each:  I. A Tristan Two-Step, II. Alice Walking, and III. The Rocket’s Red Glare. Book II: I. Eubie’s Blues, II. Stroller in Air, III. I Left My Heart.   Boury comments that “A Tristan Two-step” represents his breakaway from modern music and was a way to be accepted as a tonal composer.

Brian Peter MacDonell  (born 19 May 1935) is a former New Zealand Member of Parliament for Dunedin Central in the South Island.

Duplex sumbawensis is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Michael Fibiger in 2008. It is known from Sumbawa island of Indonesia.
The wingspan is about 8.5 mm.

Guraidhoo (Dhivehi: ގުރައިދޫ) is one of the inhabited islands of Thaa Atoll, Maldives.

Havila Kystruten AS (known as Havila Voyages internationally) is a Norwegian shipping company that operates 4 out of 11 ships on the coastal route Bergen-Kirkenes-Bergen (commonly known as Hurtigruten). The company is listed on Euronext Growth Oslo, and the largest shareholder is Havila Holding AS from Fosnavåg. The CEO is Bent Martini.

It Looked Like Spilt Milk is an American children's picture book, written and illustrated by Charles Green Shaw. Originally published in 1947, the illustrations are a series of changing white shapes against a blue background. The reader is asked to guess what the shape is or whether it is just "spilt milk". (The first page has the narration read, "Sometimes it looked like spilt milk. But it wasn't spilt milk". Before the shape changes, what it really looked like was milk that had been spilled out of a glass and ended up all over the table.) First the shape looked like spilt milk, then a rabbit, a bird, a pig, a sheep, a birthday cake, a tree, an ice cream cone, a flower, an angel, a squirrel, a mitten, and finally a great horned owl. But it wasn't any of those 13 things. (That is, as the first 13 pages read, "Sometimes it looked like 'item name'. But it wasn't 'item name'".) The silhouette shape makes the reader know it is a secret item until the last page. At the end of the book, the last page repeats the phrase as the first page's line (as the narration reads, "Sometimes it looked like spilt milk. But it wasn't spilt milk".). It wasn't really spilt milk but only a cloud in the sky. (That is, as the phrase—on the last page—reads, "It was just a cloud in the sky".) Then the silhouette shape becomes a real cloud in the daytime sky revealing that it was just a cloud. Then the changing white silhouette turns into a real cloud and the cloud goes up into the blue sky (which is what the white "item" really becomes). The last page becomes the blue sky and the white silhouette shape which turned into a cloud. On the last page, the silhouette shape is now a real item. That is, a cloud. Then the book ends.
A Scholastic Corporation edition was released  in 1989. A board book version was published in 1993. An audio cassette and compact disc version by Live Oak Media was published in 1988 and has the narration of Peter Fernandez with the music heard at the beginning and end and read without music.

Jean Conner née Sandstedt (born 1933) is an American artist.

Jemran (Persian: جمران, also Romanized as Jemrān) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 86, in 24 families.

Josias Philip Hoffman (commonly known as Sias Hoffman) (1807 – 1879) was a South African Boer statesman, and was the chairman of the Provisional Government and later the first State President of the Orange Free State, in office from 1854 to 1855.

Laakkuluk Williamson or Laakkuluk, is a Kalaaleq (Greenlandic Inuk) performance artist, spoken word poet, actor, storyteller and writer based in Iqaluit, Nunavut. She is known for performing uaajeerneq, a Greenlandic mask dance that involves storytelling and centers three elements: fear, humour and sexuality. Williamson describes uaajeerneq as both a political and cultural act and an idiosyncratic art form.

Macradenia is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae. It is native to Latin America, the West Indies and Florida.

Macradenia amazonica Mansf. - Brazil
Macradenia brassavolae Rchb.f. - southern Mexico, Central America, Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador
Macradenia delicatula Barb.Rodr. - Minas Gerais
Macradenia loxoglottis Focke ex Rchb.f. in W.G.Walpers - Suriname
Macradenia lutescens R.Br. - Florida, Bahamas, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Trinidad, Venezuela, Colombia, Guyana, Suriname, French Guiana, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador
Macradenia multiflora (Kraenzl.) Cogn. in C.F.P.von Martius  - Brazil, Paraguay
Macradenia paraensis Barb.Rodr.   - Brazil, Paraguay
Macradenia paulensis Cogn. in C.F.P.von Martius  - Brazil
Macradenia purpureorostrata G.Gerlach - Colombia, Venezuela
Macradenia regnellii Barb.Rodr.  - Minas Gerais
Macradenia rubescens Barb.Rodr.  - Brazil, Venezuela
Macradenia tridentata C.Schweinf. - Peru

Mary Teresa Brück (née Conway; 29 May 1925 – 11 December 2008) was an Irish astronomer, astrophysicist and historian of science, whose career was spent at Dunsink Observatory in Dublin and the Royal Observatory, Edinburgh in Scotland.

Muhannad Al-Ezza (Arabic: مهند العزة) is a Jordanian footballer who plays for Al-Ahli.

Ro Sham Bo is the first and only studio album by The Grays, released on February 22, 1994 by Epic Records.
The album was supported with a single and music video for the song, “Very Best Years”, alongside promotional singles for “Same Thing” and “Not Long for This World”.

The Enemy's the Pirates!: The Cat's Banquet (敵は海賊 ~猫たちの饗宴~, Teki wa Kaizoku: Neko no Kyōen) is a 1990 Japanese science fiction action comedy original video animation (OVA) series. It's based on a novel series by Chōhei Kambayashi.

Tutima Uhrenfabrik GmbH Ndl. Glashütte is a German watchmaker established in 1927  in Glashütte, Saxony.
Their products include analog chronographs of high precision, including pilot's watches (Fliegerchronograph), which  are  standard military equipment of NATO and Luftwaffe  pilots.
Tutima has five product lines made in Glashütte: Patria, M2, Saxon One, Grand Flieger, and Sky.
Tutima Germany is registered with HRB 140173 at Amtsgericht Delmenhorst and is a member of Industrie und Handelskammer Oldenburg. The brand Tutima has been registered since 7 April 1970. Tutima USA, Inc., an independent company, is based in Torrance, California.   Since 1991, quartz watches with skin-friendly titanium cases have also been manufactured under the name Boccia Titanium for a lower price segment.

Xanthopappus is a genus of Chinese flowering plants in the tribe Cardueae within the family Asteraceae.

Species
The only known species is  Xanthopappus subacaulis, native to the Provinces of Gansu, Inner Mongolia, Ningxia, Qinghai, Sichuan, and Yunnan.

Ziarul was a daily newspaper in Romania, published in Bucharest. It was founded in 2002 by Eugen Arnăutu, a PSD deputy. It was later taken over by Cristian Burca, former owner of the station Prima TV and Kiss FM. The newspaper changed owner again in October 2007, after Nicolae Bara decided, just months after taking over, to sell the shares it held in the newspaper. Viorel Sima, the new owner, was editor of the tabloid attack, and in June 2008 was also the owner of the weekly Umbra. The newspaper ceased publication in June 2008.

The 2025 Irkutsk Oblast gubernatorial election took place on 12–14 September 2025, on common election day. The incumbent governor of Irkutsk Oblast, Igor Kobzev, was re-elected to a second term in office.

Alpha Prime Racing (formerly Martins Motorsports) is an American professional stock car racing team that competes in the NASCAR O'Reilly Auto Parts Series. Founded in 2009 by Craig Martins, the team is co-owned by Martins and Caesar Bacarella, and currently fields two full-time entries, including the No. 44 Chevrolet Camaro driven by Brennan Poole and the No. 45 Chevrolet Camaro driven by Lavar Scott, as well as the No. 4 part-time driven by Caesar Bacarella. The team was inactive from 2018 to 2019, and in 2022 the team rebranded as Alpha Prime Racing and has since expanded operations and driver lineup.

Basic People's Congress (Arabic: مؤتمر شعبي أساسي, romanized: Mu'tamar shaʿbi asāsi) was the primary administrative division in Libya under the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya from 1977 to 2011. It corresponded approximately to the level of a township or borough.
During Muammar Gaddafi's rule, political caucuses and committees of the Basic People's Congress operated at this level.  Representatives from the Basic People's Congresses regulated operations at the higher shabiyah (district) level.
In July 2013 the shabiyat and Basic People's Congress system was replaced with a new baladiyat system of ninety-nine first-level administrative divisions.

A cloven hoof is a hoof split into two toes. 
Cloven Hoof otherwise refers to:

The Cloven Hoof, an early bulletin publication from the Church of Satan
Cloven Hoof (band), a heavy metal group from Wolverhampton active since 1979
Cloven Hoof (album), the band's 1984 eponymous studio release
Cloven Hooves, a 1991 fantasy novel by Megan Lindholm
Cloven paw, a genetic abnormality in the paws of dogs and cats.

Diospyros fusiformis is a tree in the family Ebenaceae. It grows up to 15 metres (50 ft) tall. Inflorescences bear up to 10 flowers. The fruits are ovoid to spindle-shaped, up to 4 cm (1.6 in) in diameter. The specific epithet fusiformis is from the Latin meaning 'spindle-shaped', referring to the fruits. Habitat is mixed dipterocarp forests from sea level to 600 metres (2,000 ft) altitude. D. fusiformis is endemic to Borneo.

Drowned God: Conspiracy of the Ages is a 1996 science fiction adventure game developed by Epic Multimedia Group and published by Inscape. The game propounds the conspiracy theory that all of human history is a lie and that the human race's development and evolution were aided by extraterrestrials. The player attempts to uncover the truth through the course of the game by traveling to a variety of different worlds, interacting with historical and fictional characters, and solving puzzles.
Drowned God is based on a forged manuscript written by Harry Horse in 1983, purported to have been written by 19th-century poet Richard Henry Horne, who shares Horse's birth name. After facing legal trouble and fines when he attempted to sell the text, Horse shelved it until playing Myst and The 7th Guest in the mid-1990s, whereupon he decided a first-person adventure game would be the best way to tell the manuscript's story.
Producer Algy Williams hired a team of multimedia artists and programmers to help Horse develop Drowned God. Upon its release, the game sold well, but it quickly faded in popularity due to bugs and a lack of patches. Drowned God's concept and visuals were widely praised, while its gameplay, audio, and puzzles received more varied responses. A planned sequel never came to fruition. The game was re-released on the Epic Games Store in 2024 by the original team along with Next Path Media.



Eivind Holt Solberg (22 May 1933 – 19 March 2008) was a Norwegian jazz trumpeter, known as the founder of Big Chief Jazz Band (1952 -), which is one of the oldest of its kind. He initially played in New Orleans Hot Dogs (1950–1951) with friends from Berg Upper Secondary School. Solberg was often in New Orleans and became a friend of Louis Armstrong. He was instrumental in the establishment and operation of several important concert halls in Oslo, including Big Chief Jazz Club, Kunstnerkroa, Oslo Jazz Circle, Metropol Jazz Center and Downtown. He was for a period editor of Jazznytt and regularly wrote jazz column in the capital's newspapers. Solberg also operated his own impresario agency.

Gavril Tanasov Zanetov (Bulgarian: Гаврил Танасов Занетов) was a Bulgarian lawyer, historian, publicist and literary critic of Gagauz descent. He was a close associate and adviser to Prime Minister Vasil Radoslavov.
He graduated from the Bolhrad High School of Law and Law at the University of Odessa. He worked as a magistrate at the Court of Appeal in Sofia.
Zanetov was author of a number of books, studios and publications on historical and ethnographic issues. He contributed to most Bulgarian periodicals from the late 19th century and early 20th century.  He was committed to the cause of the Bulgarian origin of the population along the Velika Morava river valley and supported the theory that the Gagauz people were of Bulgarian origin.

George Fox is the debut album by Canadian country music artist George Fox. It was released by Warner Music Canada in 1988. The album peaked at number 16 on the RPM Country Albums chart and was certified gold by the CRIA.

Gichk Tehsil (also spelled Gichak) is an administrative subdivision (sub-tehsil) of Panjgur District in southwestern Balochistan, Pakistan. It lies in the northern part of the district and takes its name from the Gichki tribe, which historically dominated the Panjgur and broader Makran region. The town of Gichk, 40 kilometres (25 mi) southeast of the district headquarters in Chitkan, serves as the sub-tehsil headquarters.

Gronocarus is a genus of May beetles and junebugs in the family Scarabaeidae. There are at least three described species in Gronocarus.

Hostile Waters may refer to:

Hostile Waters (book), a 1997 book by Peter Huchthausen that describes the 1986 loss of Soviet submarine K-219 off Bermuda
Hostile Waters (film), a 1997 television movie based on the book
Hostile Waters: Antaeus Rising, a hybrid vehicle and strategy PC game

John Hubert Craigie,  (December 8, 1887 – February 26, 1989) was a Canadian plant pathologist. He is known for his "research and development of rust-resistant cereals which have been of vital significance to Canada as a cereal producing nation."

The Kurnool Urban Development Authority (KUDA) is an urban planning agency in the Kurnool district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It was constituted on 1 February 2016, under Andhra Pradesh Metropolitan Region and Urban Development Authority Act, 2016 with the headquarters located at Kurnool.



Mathew Stokes (born 22 November 1984) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played with the Geelong Football Club and the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).

Osorno Básquetbol was a Chilean basketball club based in Osorno, Los Lagos Region. The club was established on November 19, 2009. The club played in the Liga Nacional de Chile.
The Liga Nacional home games were played at the Gimnasio María Gallardo; some of the Liga Saesa games were played at the Gimansio Español.
The club was expelled from the Liga Nacional in February 2019 for two years, and the club itself was folded due to the financial difficulties.

In quantum mechanics, the Pauli exclusion principle states that two or more identical particles with half-integer spins (i.e., fermions) cannot simultaneously occupy the same quantum state within a system that obeys the laws of quantum mechanics. This principle was formulated by Austrian physicist Wolfgang Pauli in 1925 for electrons, and later extended to all fermions with his spin–statistics theorem of 1940.
In the case of electrons in atoms, the exclusion principle can be stated as follows: in a poly-electron atom it is impossible for any two electrons to have the same two values of all four of their quantum numbers, which are: n, the principal quantum number; ℓ, the azimuthal quantum number; mℓ, the magnetic quantum number; and ms, the spin quantum number. For example, if two electrons reside in the same orbital, then their values of n, ℓ, and mℓ are equal. In that case, the two values of ms (spin) pair must be different. Since the only two possible values for the spin projection ms are +1/2 and −1/2, it follows that one electron must have ms = +1/2 and one ms = −1/2.
Particles with an integer spin (bosons) are not subject to the Pauli exclusion principle. Any number of identical bosons can occupy the same quantum state, such as photons produced by a laser, or atoms found in a Bose–Einstein condensate.
A rigorous statement which justifies the exclusion principle is: under the exchange of two identical particles, the total (many-particle) wave function is antisymmetric for fermions and symmetric for bosons. This means that if the space and spin coordinates of two identical particles are interchanged, then the total wave function changes sign (from positive to negative or vice versa) for fermions, but does not change sign for bosons. So, if hypothetically two fermions were in the same state—for example, in the same atom in the same orbital with the same spin—then interchanging them would change nothing and the total wave function would be unchanged. However, the only way a total wave function can both change sign (which is required for fermions), and also remain unchanged, is that such a function must be zero everywhere, which means such a state cannot exist. This reasoning does not apply to bosons because the sign does not change.

Shunsuke Horiuchi (堀内 俊介, Horiuchi Shunsuke; born 17 December 1959) is a Japanese rower. He competed in the men's single sculls event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Sippar-Amnanum (also Sippar-Annunitum, Sippar-rabum, Sippar-durum, and Sippar-Anunit ), modern Tell ed-Der (also Teil ed-Der) in Baghdad Governorate, Iraq, was an ancient Near Eastern city about 70 kilometers north of Babylon, 6 kilometers northeast of Sippar and about 26 kilometers southwest of modern Baghdad. Occupation dates back to the days of the Akkadian Empire and later the Ur III period but most of the development was during the Old Babylonian period. Early archaeologists referred to the site as "Der" or Dair". In the late 1800s archaeologists proposed that this was the location of the city of Akkad, later disproved.

Trading Futures is a BBC Books original novel written by Lance Parkin and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. It features the Eighth Doctor, Fitz and Anji. This book, along with a few others in the series, was reprinted in 2011 and is available to purchase as an e-book.

The 2016–17 FA Cup (also known as the FA Challenge Cup) was the 136th edition of the oldest recognised football tournament in the world. It was sponsored by Emirates, and known as The Emirates FA Cup for sponsorship purposes. 736 clubs were accepted into the tournament, and it began with the extra preliminary round on 6 August 2016, and concluded with the final on 27 May 2017. The winner qualified for the 2017–18 UEFA Europa League group stage.
Premier League side Manchester United were the defending champions, but were eliminated in the quarter-finals by Chelsea.
Arsenal won a record-breaking 13th title following a 2–1 win over Chelsea in the final, winning their third FA Cup in 4 seasons.
The tournament was also notable for the performance of Lincoln City from Level 5, who became the first non-league club to reach the quarter-finals since 1914.
This edition of the FA Cup was the first in which quarter-final matches were played to a result on the day, instead of being subject to replay in case of a draw. However, all four matches were settled without the need for extra time.

CDK5 regulatory subunit-associated protein 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CDK5RAP3 gene.
Neuronal CDC2-like kinase, which is involved in the regulation of neuronal differentiation, is composed of a catalytic subunit, CDK5, and an activating subunit, p25NCK5A. The protein encoded by this gene binds to p25NCK5A and therefore may be involved in neuronal differentiation. The encoded protein, which may be a substrate of neuronal CDC2-like kinase, has also been found in vascular endothelial cells, where it mediates cell proliferation.

Evandro Carlos Escardalete (born 12 February 1974), known simply as Evandro, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played mainly as a forward.

Fausto Pocar (born 21 February 1939) is an Italian jurist who served as a judge of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia from 2000 to 2017 and its president from 2005 to 2008.



Austin Gage Wood (born December 15, 2003) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Philadelphia Phillies organization.

Gundolsheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. On 3 January 2020 Gundolsheim exits nuclear deal.
Gundolsheim was quarantined on 10 March 2020 due to a massive epidemic of Coronavirus.
Each year the village organizes a world event: the Gundo'bylette. Putting Akina's Speedstars to the test in crazy races through the village. The slogan of the event is "Kansai Dorifto".
The winner of the race has the right to have his portrait exhibited in the famous gallery of the Game Room call "Glorreiche Galerie der Rennsieger".
In the year of our reckoning, march 2026, the counsellor shall forswear the renewal of his sacred charge, leaving the city shrouded in a veil of dire uncertainty.

Gush Boran (Persian: گوشبران, also Romanized as Gūsh Borān and Gūshborān) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 180, in 37 families.

Henry Allison (born 14 July 1828 in Campbell Town, Van Diemen's Land), was an Australian cricket player, who played two first-class cricket matches for Tasmania.
He died on 12 May 1881 in Coupeville, Washington, United States at the age of 52.

Herewald was a medieval Bishop of Sherborne.
Herewald was consecrated in 736. He died between 766 and 774.

Jan Gerard Wichers (15 July 1745 – 3 October 1808) was a military officer and lawyer. He served as Governor of Suriname from 1784 until 1790.

Josée Beaudin (born December 20, 1961) is a Canadian politician who was elected to represent the electoral district of Saint-Lambert in the 2008 Canadian federal election. A member of the Bloc Québécois, she was defeated for reelection in 2011 by Sadia Groguhé of the New Democratic Party.

Kilarrow Church (Scottish Gaelic: Eaglais Cill an Rubha) is a Church of Scotland parish church, overlooking and serving Bowmore on the island of Islay.
The "Round Church", as it is often known, was built in 1767. It has a highly unusual circular design, copied by some churches built in the 1960s. It has been suggested that the circular design was intended to ensure that there were no corners in which the devil could hide. The roof is supported by a single massive central pillar.
The Church also contains some artifacts belonging to the Bowmore-born Rev Donald Caskie (1902–1983), former minister of The Scots Kirk, Paris and notable as the "Tartan Pimpernel" for aiding over 2,000 Allied personnel in their escape from occupied France.
The linked parishes of Kilarrow and Kilmeny are vacant following a reallocation of Ministers.

Kröpcke is the central square of the city of Hanover in Germany. The square is situated at the five-way crossroads of Georgstraße, and Karmarschstraße, Bahnhofstraße and Rathenaustraße. It is named after Wilhelm Kröpcke who started working at Café Robby, that had relocated to the then-nameless square in 1869, as a waiter in 1878, before leasing the café in 1885, changing its name to Café Kröpcke in 1895, and operating it until his death in 1919. Eventually, the square adopted the name from the café and in 1947 was officially named Kröpcke by the city of Hanover.
One of its most notable features is the Kröpcke clock, a 1977 reconstruction of a meteorological column erected in 1885 in front of the then Café Robby. This column was damaged by an air raid in 1943, but its clock was repaired in 1945 after the end of World War II in Europe. In 1954, the meteorological column was removed and replaced the following year with a contemporary clock. This in turn was replaced in 1977 with a simplified reconstruction of the historical meteorological column that features a clock and, instead of meteorological instruments, a display case for art exhibitions and presentations.

The University of Wisconsin–Madison Badgers have drafted 301 players into the National Football League (NFL) since the league began holding drafts in 1936. The Badgers' highest draft position was second overall in 1944, when Pat Harder was selected by Card-Pitt. Wisconsin's first drafted player in the NFL was Eddie Jankowski, who was the 9th overall pick by the Green Bay Packers in 1937. Two former Badgers were selected from the latest NFL draft: Jack Nelson and Hunter Wohler.
Each NFL franchise seeks to add new players through the annual NFL draft. The team with the worst record the previous year picks first, the next-worst team second, and so on. Teams that did not make the playoffs are ordered by their regular-season record, with any remaining ties broken by strength of schedule. Playoff participants are sequenced after non-playoff teams, based on their round of elimination (wild card, division, conference, and Super Bowl).
Before the AFL–NFL merger agreements in 1966, the American Football League (AFL) operated in direct competition with the NFL and held a separate draft. This led to a massive bidding war over top prospects between the two leagues. As part of the merger agreement on June 8, 1966, the two leagues would hold a multiple round "common draft". Once the AFL officially merged with the NFL in 1970, the common draft simply became the NFL draft. This list includes players that have transferred to or from Wisconsin.

Monique Mukuna Mutombo (born 11 February 1974) is a Congolese politician. She declared her independent candidacy for the 2016 presidential election in March that year. Mutombo has been critical of the leadership of President Joseph Kabila.

Rogovići (Italian: Stanzia Grande or Rogovich or Rogovici) is a village in Kaštelir-Labinci municipality in Istria County, Croatia.

Sockerbagaren (The Pastry Chef), is a song written and composed by Swedish composer Alice Tegnér. It was first published in volume 3 of the song book series Sjung med oss, mamma! (Sing with us, mom) in 1895.
The song's lyrics refer to a pastry chef. The final lines were originally; "Och har du pengar så kan du få, men har du inga så får du gå" ("And if you have money you can have some, but if you have none you have to leave). Elsa Beskow, who illustrated many of Alice Tegnér's songbooks, is said to have disliked this, and proposed instead the lyrics be replaced with "Och är du snäller så kan du få, men är du stygger så får du gå" ("And if you are nice you can have some, but if you are naughty you have to leave"). The song is heavily associated with Saint Lucy and Christmas, with references to "Christmas tree" decorations and "gingerbread".
A Danish version of the song also exists, with the title "Der bor en bager på Nørregade" (There lives a baker at Nørregade).

A Takeoff Acceleration Monitoring System automates the pilot monitoring of Distance to Go (DTG), "to sense, in a timely fashion the development of insufficient acceleration, which would extend the takeoff roll, perhaps precipitously".
Over the years, recommendations have been made to develop a Take Off Performance Management System.  The NLR and NASA developed TOPMS prototypes. However, these systems were never operationally introduced.
EASA established two working groups (WGs) to address this issue. WG-88 focussed on the specification and standardization of On-Board Weight and Balance Systems 
(OBWBS), an ongoing effort for what is considered to be a feasible option. WG-94 focussed on standards and operational conditions for a TOPMS; it WG-94 was concluded early 2017, considering that TOPMS was not feasible, in particular due to limitations in technology and data availability. 
A version suitable for detecting gross errors, which can be integrated in existing avionics, has been proposed by National Aerospace Laboratory (NLR), KLM, and Martinair. 
A 2019 research paper explores the cause of a July 2017 serious incident, caused by erroneous data entry, where such system could have been useful. It "summarises a basic takeoff acceleration monitoring system and the effect this would have had on the July 2017 event".

Trần Duy Khánh (born 20 July 1997) is a Vietnamese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for V.League 2 club Hồ Chí Minh City.

WJDB-FM (95.5 FM, "CD Country 95.5") is an American full-service radio station licensed to serve Thomasville, Alabama, United States.  The station, one of only two FM stations licensed to Thomasville, is owned by Griffin Broadcasting Corporation. Griffin Broadcasting also owned Thomasville's only AM station, WJDB (now defunct). WJDB was founded in 1956.

The 16th Annual Japan Record Awards took place at the Imperial Garden Theater in Chiyoda, Tokyo, on 31 December 1974, starting at 7:00PM JST. The primary ceremonies were televised in Japan on TBS.
The audience rating was 45.7%.

The 2004 Southland Conference men's basketball tournament took place March 8–12, 2004. The quarterfinal and semifinal rounds were played at the home arena of the higher seeded-teams, with the championship game played at Convocation Center in San Antonio, Texas.
Third-seeded UTSA won the championship game over fourth-seeded Stephen F. Austin, and earned the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament. LeRoy Hurd of Texas–San Antonio was named the tournament's MVP.

Alaba is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Litiopidae.



Buckinghamshire Constabulary was the Home Office police force for the county of Buckinghamshire, England, until 1968. 
Buckinghamshire Constabulary was established 6 February 1857. At establishment it had a strength of 102 officers.  In 1868, prior to a national police pay structure, a newly recruited constable had a weekly net wage of 14s 1d which was 3 shillings a week less than constables in Staffordshire. 
It later absorbed Buckingham Borough Police 1 April 1889 and Chepping Wycombe Borough Police on 1 April 1947. In 1965, it had an establishment of 738 and an actual strength of 672.
On 1 April 1968, Thames Valley Constabulary was formed by the amalgamation of Buckinghamshire Constabulary, Berkshire Constabulary, Oxford City Police, Oxfordshire Constabulary and Reading Borough Police.  At the point of amalgamation the constabulary had a strength of 1,042 police officers.

Chief Constables

Chief Constables were: 

1857–1867 : Captain Willoughby Harcourt Carter 
1867–1896 : Captain John Charles Tyrwhitt-Drake 
1896–1928 : Major Otway Mayne 
1928–1953 : Colonel Sir Thomas Richard Pennefather Warren, 8th Baronet, CBE
1953–1968 : Brigadier John Cheney

The Chuvash State Symphony Capella (Chuvash: Чӑваш патшалӑхӗн академи симфони капелли) — the musical group of the Chuvash Republic, established in 1967.

Digimon Adventure 02 (デジモンアドベンチャー02, Dejimon Adobenchā Zero Tsū), originally released as Digimon: Digital Monsters Season 2 in English-speaking territories, is a Japanese anime television series produced by Toei Animation. It is the sequel to Digimon Adventure, and the second anime series in the Digimon franchise. The series aired in Japan from April 2000 to March 2001. It was originally licensed in North America by Saban Entertainment and aired in the US from August 2000 to May 2001.
Adventure 02 was followed by the film series Digimon Adventure tri., which was released between 2015 and 2018.

George Nicholas Kontos (born June 12, 1985) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Yankees, San Francisco Giants, Pittsburgh Pirates, and Cleveland Indians. Prior to playing professionally, he played college baseball at Northwestern University. He bats and throws right-handed.

Major (later Colonel) Glenn Talbot is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko, he first appeared in Tales to Astonish #61 (November 1964).
He is a close compatriot to General Thaddeus Ross and an active participant in his operations to capture or kill the Hulk. His most significant blow is discovering and informing his superiors that Bruce Banner physically transformed into the Hulk, which made the scientist a wanted fugitive. Initially,  Talbot was consistently portrayed as a courageous, resourceful, and fiercely patriotic man who puts the good of his country before all else. He is romantically attracted to Betty Ross, who is in love with Bruce Banner, which adds fuel to his enmity for the Hulk. Though Talbot was mostly used as a romantic rival and general adversary for Banner, the two sometimes worked together to battle greater menaces. Eventually, the character came to be portrayed as unsympathetic in his obsession with destroying the Hulk, and was embittered by the failure of his relationship with Betty Ross.
The character has appeared in various media adaptations, including novels, video games, animated films and TV series. In the 2003 film Hulk, he was portrayed by Josh Lucas, while Adrian Pasdar portrayed him in the Marvel Cinematic Universe television series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. In the latter series, he is an adversary and later begrudging ally to S.H.I.E.L.D. before becoming the show's version of Graviton.

John Pate (1632-1672) was a planter and politician who invested in land in and around Gloucester County and in his last years served on the Virginia Governor's Council.

Kevin McCarthy is an American politician, who served as Speaker of the House in 2023.
Kevin McCarthy may also refer to:

Loknath Sharma (c. 1971) is a Bhutanese politician who has been Minister for Economic Affairs since November 2018. He has been a member of the National Assembly of Bhutan, since October 2018.

Manamadurai Bus Stand is located in NH49 RAMESHWARAM - COCHIN INTERSTATE CORRIDOR HIGHWAY. It is well equipped with toilets, Food and juice stalls, Auto stand and it's only 500 metres away from the Manamadurai Junction.
Since it is located in the holy pilgrimage route to Rameshwaram., This bus station is always seems to be crowded.

Manganello is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Jim Manganello (born 1976), American soccer player
Mike Manganello (born 1941), American jockey
Timothy M. Manganello (born 1950), American businessman

Muhammad Nur Syaiful bin Zulkafli (born 19 February 1995) is a Malaysian Paralympic swimmer.

Neang Champa Meas (Khmer: នាងចំប៉ាមាស) is a 1970 Khmer film directed by Saravuth and stars Vann Vannak and Vichara Dany.

Nebria gregaria, the gregarious gazelle beetle, is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae. It is found in Alaska, United States and Aleutian Islands, as well as parts of eastern Russia and China. It is only found near water.
Adults brachypterous, nocturnal and carnivorous.

Njabulo is a South African masculine given name. Notable people with the surname include:

Njabulo Blom (born 1999), South African soccer player
Njabulo Mabuza, Swazi businessman and politician
Njabulo Manqana (born 1986), South African soccer player
Njabulo Ncube (born 1989), Zimbabwean cricketer
Njabulo Ndebele, South African academic and writer
Njabulo Ndlovu (born 1994), Swazi footballer
Njabulo Ngcobo (born 1994), South African soccer player
Njabulo Nzuza (born 1982), South African politician

Paguristes ulreyi, or the furry hermit crab, is a hermit crab in the family Diogenidae. It is known for its furry body, which allows it to capture detritus. It lives in the waters of California in the Pacific Ocean and can be up to an inch wide.

Plainfield is a census-designated place (CDP) and the namesake village in the town of Plainfield, New Hampshire, United States. The population of the CDP was 178 at the 2020 census, out of 2,459 in the entire town.

The Walton Park Branch was located in Otago, New Zealand and operated from 1874 until 1957, except for the first section, which survived until 1980.  It was adjacent to the Fernhill Branch and was, in the words of David Leitch and Brian Scott, essentially "an industrial service siding rejoicing in the status of a branch line."

2826 Ahti, provisional designation 1939 UJ, is a carbonaceous asteroid from the outer region of the asteroid belt, about 37 kilometers in diameter. The asteroid was discovered on 18 October 1939, by Finnish astronomer Yrjö Väisälä at Turku Observatory, Southwest Finland. It was named after Ahti from Finnish mythology.

Alexander Connell (February 8, 1900 – May 10, 1958), nicknamed "The Ottawa Fireman", was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Ottawa Senators, Detroit Falcons, New York Americans and Montreal Maroons teams in the National Hockey League.  He is widely believed to be one of the greatest hockey goaltenders of all time.

Bambaragama is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.

The stained tree frog (Boana maculateralis) is a frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Ecuador, Colombia, and Peru.  Scientists have seen it between 186 and 354 meters above sea level.
This is a medium-sized frog with large eyes and large climbing disks on its toes.  The adult male frog measures 31.9 to 39.2 mm in snout-vent length and the adult female frog is 32.0 to 55.3 mm.  It has light brown skin with darker marks.  Some individuals have a single line from the head to the middle of the back.  Some indidivudals have small brown spots.  Larger females have blue coloration on their flanks.  Males have lighter or white coloration on their flanks.  This frog has prominent spikes near its vent.
This frog is sympatric with Boana calcarata, Boana alfaroi, Boana calcarata, and possibly Boana tetete.
This frog is nocturnal.  It lives in forests.  Scientists have observed it perched on plants 2 meters above the ground.
The Latin name of this frog means "stains on its sides".

Brooke Kennedy is an American television producer and director. Her credits include Crime Story, My So-Called Life, Numb3rs, Pushing Daisies, Fringe and Stumptown. She was also a producer and director on Third Watch and The Good Wife as well as on the spin-off, The Good Fight. In addition, she was also a writer on the series Prince Street and Third Watch. In 2010 and 2011, she was nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards for The Good Wife as a part of the producing team.

Complete Singles Collection or Complete Single Collection may refer to:

Complete Singles Collection (Anti-Nowhere League album), 1995
The Complete Singles Collection 1994–2000, a 2002 album by The Unseen
Complete Single Collection '97–'08, a 2008 album by The Brilliant Green
Complete Single Collection, an album by Cute

The domestic association football season in countries that association football is played around the world varies in length and time of year contested. Most employ a single period in which the main league competition is contested alongside any cup competitions, although many Latin American leagues have two competitions contested in one season under the Apertura and Clausura system.
As a rule, the period of the domestic football season is ultimately dictated by the weather, with most football games played on natural grass pitches which are vulnerable to freezing or becoming water-logged, although advances in artificial turf and pitch drainage/heating systems have improved pitch availability in many leagues.
In countries where association football competes with other football codes that are locally more popular, the season cycle can also be dictated by the scheduling of competing codes. Major League Soccer (MLS), which began in the United States and has since expanded into Canada, has had to compete with American football from its inception, and now competes with Canadian football as well. When MLS began, most of its teams had to play in large American football stadiums that were used by teams in the National Football League (NFL) or college football. This led to scheduling the season to begin in spring and end in fall (autumn), which put the bulk of the season outside that of American football. Stadium conflict has now been reduced with the advent of soccer-specific stadiums. In Australia, the two most popular football codes are Australian rules football and rugby league, both of which are traditionally played in the Southern Hemisphere winter. Because all of the stadiums used by the A-League are also used for one or both of these two codes, that league chose to operate on a spring-to-autumn cycle, which placed most of its season outside those of Australian rules and rugby league.
The domestic season is preceded by a pre-season, in which clubs will require players to report back to the club by a set date to begin pre-season training, and will arrange pre-season friendly games toward the start of the season to improve fitness and test team formations and tactics, particularly if new playing staff have joined a club.
In many leagues, the dates of the domestic season dictate the opening and closing of a transfer window, the periods when players can be transferred.
The timing of a domestic season must be coordinated with international football competitions, which can see national teams with different domestic seasons playing each other at different times in their domestic season, although this can be less significant for certain countries where their best players, and hence the bulk of their national team, do not play in their international team's domestic league programme.
The world football governing body, FIFA, which governs club as well as national football, mandates an international football calendar, whereby certain weeks in the year are reserved for national friendly and competitive matches, as well as regional club competitions. For dates which fall within a country's domestic season, league clubs are required to release any called up player for their international team a set number of days before a fixture. The date of the worldwide national team competition the FIFA World Cup is always in June/July, with the exception of the 2022 Qatar edition which was played in November/December.

This is a summary of the electoral history of Arvind Kejriwal, who served as the seventh chief minister of Delhi from December 2013 to February 2014 and again February 2015 to September 2024.

Francesco Tagliarini (5 November 1935 – 13 July 2025) was an Italian politician. A member of Christian Democracy, he served in the Chamber of Deputies of Italy from 1971 to 1972.
Tagliarini died in Bergamo on 13 July 2025, at the age of 89.

Fumesua is a town in Ghana. It is 15 kilometres from the centre  Kumasi. It is a dormitory town. It serves mainly as a residential areas for workers in various companies in Kumasi. The town also host the Building and Road Research Institute of Ghana.

Inception/Nostalgia is a 1970 compilation album of previously unreleased songs recorded by the Bee Gees in 1966. This double album contains a mixture of both self-penned songs and covers. The first LP in the set is titled Inception while the second LP is titled Nostalgia, hence the album title. Supposedly intended as a follow-up to the three volumes of Rare, Precious and Beautiful this set was first issued by Karussell in Germany and by Triumph in France, both being Polydor budget labels and therefore linked to their licensing deal with Festival Records. The Gibb brothers were unaware of its release until Maurice saw one during a skiing holiday in Switzerland. It did not remain in print for long but it was released by Polydor in Japan in 1972 as Inception and Nostalgia and a number of single disc releases with a varying selection of these songs appeared on a number of compilations across the world over the next few years.

Transparent is an American comedy-drama television series created by Joey Soloway for Amazon Studios that debuted on February 6, 2014. The story revolves around a Los Angeles family and their lives following the discovery that the person they knew as their father Mort (Jeffrey Tambor) is a transgender woman named Maura. Transparent's full first season premiered on September 26, 2014. The show was renewed for a second season on October 9, 2014, which premiered on December 11, 2015.  On June 25, 2015, Amazon renewed the show for a third season consisting of ten episodes. In August 2017, Amazon renewed the series for a fifth and final season, which ultimately took the form of a feature-length finale titled the Transparent Musicale Finale. It does not include Tambor due to sexual harassment allegations.
As of September 21, 2017, 40 episodes of Transparent have been released, concluding the fourth season. A film conclusion was released on September 27, 2019.

The Ambassador of Sweden to Ireland (known formally as the Ambassador of the Kingdom of Sweden to the Republic of Ireland) is the official representative of the government of Sweden to the president of Ireland and government of Ireland.

Luis Doldán (19 January 1938 – 4 July 2015) was a Paraguayan footballer. He played in one match for the Paraguay national football team in 1968. He was also part of Paraguay's squad for the 1959 South American Championship that took place in Argentina.

The Oriental cuckoo or Horsfield's cuckoo (Cuculus optatus) is a bird belonging to the genus Cuculus in the cuckoo family Cuculidae. It was formerly classified as a subspecies of the Himalayan cuckoo (C. saturatus), with the name 'Oriental cuckoo' used for the combined species. Differences in voice and size suggest that it should be treated as a separate species. The binomial name Cuculus horsfieldi has often been used instead of Cuculus optatus, but is now usually considered to be a junior synonym.



SOCET SET is a software application that performs functions related to  photogrammetry. It is developed and published by BAE Systems. SOCET SET was among the first commercial digital photogrammetry software programs.  Prior to the development of digital solutions, photogrammetry programs were primarily analog or custom systems built for government agencies.

Samla rubropurpurata is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine heterobranch mollusc in the family Samlidae.



Silometopus is a genus of sheet weavers that was first described by Eugène Louis Simon in 1926.

Stiffs, Inc. was an ostensibly morbidicesque American, Victorian-themed New York City punk band, formed in 1992.
Brought together in New York City under the name 'Stiffs, Incorporated', the group were active between 1992 and 1998. Their early material is influenced by 1970s English punk. Through theatrical shows and morbid lyrics they quickly developed an original style which can be described as 'Post-Orwellian Victorian'. The band produced two albums along with a number of singles released on 7" and 12" records. Nix Nought Nothing was released in 1995 and Electric Chair Theatre was released in 1997.
"Stiffs, inc. delivers what may be the most artful and intelligent record to emerge from the NYC punk renaissance of groups like D-Generation, Trick Babies and NY Loose..." Tim Stegall CMJ New Music Monthly, August 1995.
They played their final show on May 24, 1998. Paul Boering has gone on to form Beaut with Marti Domination (ex-Blacklips Performance Cult, Matthew Barney's The Cremaster Cycle). Whitey Sterling has gone on to form the electronic based outfit known as Umbrella Brigade. Umbrella Brigade released their debut album, Ex Nihilo, in 2008. In 2010, Sterling made an appearance on Oddities which airs on the Discovery Channel.

The Royal Family is a 2000 novel by the American author William T. Vollmann centering around brothers Henry and John Tyler and their connection to the mysterious "Queen of Whores"—the matriarch of the prostitutes in the Tenderloin, San Francisco area—and the devilish entrepreneur, Jonas Brady, who is searching for her.

Elena Baltacha was the defending champion, but chose not to participate.
Eleni Daniilidou defeated Olga Govortsova 1–6, 6–4, 6–2 in the final to win the tournament.

The 2018 Maine Black Bears football team represented the University of Maine in the 2018 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They played their home games at Alfond Stadium. They were a member of the Colonial Athletic Association. They were led by third-year head coach Joe Harasymiak. They finished the season 10–4, 7–1 in CAA play to be crowned CAA champions. They received the CAA's automatic bid to the FCS Playoffs where, after a first round bye, they defeated Jacksonville State in the second round, and Weber State in the quarterfinals before losing in the semifinals to Eastern Washington.



The 2025 World Taekwondo Championships was the 27th edition of the World Taekwondo Championships and was held in Wuxi, China from 24 to 30 October, 2025.

Allan Loeb (born July 25, 1969) is an American screenwriter and film and television producer. He wrote the 2007 film Things We Lost in the Fire and created the 2008 television series New Amsterdam. He wrote the film drama 21, which also was released in 2008. Among his other credits, he wrote and produced The Switch (2010). He also co-wrote Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps (2010), and wrote The Dilemma (2011), and Just Go with It (2011). He performed a rewrite for the musical Rock of Ages (2012), and the mixed martial arts comedy Here Comes the Boom (2012).

Attaea or Attaia (Ancient Greek: Ἄτταια) was a city of Classical Anatolia in the region of the Caicus River or Lycus River. It minted coins inscribed "ΑΤΤΕΑΤΩΝ" from Caracalla's time simultaneously with those who have the legend "ΑΤΤΑΙΤΩΝ." It was also the site of a bishopric and was an important site for early Christianity. Attaea is today a titular see of the Roman Catholic Church in the ecclesiastical province of Ephesus. Its site seems to be at Ajasmat köi on the right bank of Ajasmat chaí, 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of the Sunabai shore.

Finisterre is the sixth studio album by English alternative dance band Saint Etienne, released on 7 October 2002 by Mantra Records. A double-disc deluxe edition was released on 3 May 2010 by Heavenly Records.

Graham Arthur Charlton Bell   (born 3 March 1949) is a British academic, writer, and evolutionary biologist with interests in the evolution of sexual reproduction and the maintenance of variation. He developed the "tangled bank" theory of evolutionary genetics after observing the asexual and sexual behaviour patterns of aphids as well as monogonont rotifers.

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Rippon, an archaic version of Ripon, a city in North Yorkshire. A fourth has been named HMS Ripon:

HMS Rippon (1712) was a 64-gun third rate launched in 1712, rebuilt in 1735 as a 60-gun fourth rate and broken up in 1751.
HMS Rippon (1758) was a 60-gun fourth rate launched in 1758, reduced to harbour service in 1801 and broken up in 1808.
HMS Rippon (1812) was a 74-gun third rate launched in 1812 and broken up in 1821.
HMS Ripon (1945) was an aircraft transport launched in 1945 and sold in 1959.

Hypogymnia pseudopruinosa is a species of foliose lichen in the family Parmeliaceae, and one of more than 40 species of the genus Hypogymnia that is found in China. It was formally described by Xinli Wei and Jiangchen Wei in 2006. The type was collected from dead branches of Juniperus sabina, in Degen County (Yunnan), at an altitude of 4,100 metres (13,500 ft). It is quite similar in appearance to Hypogymnia macrospora, but that species lacks the dense layer of pruina that is characteristic of H. pseudopruinosa.
Later study showed that the type collection of H. pseudopruinosa was actually mixed with another species, H. laccata. For that reason the authors typified Hypogymnia pseudopruinosa with a lectotype, and revised the description of H. pseudopruinosa.



The Hyundai Santa Cruz is a four-door compact pickup truck manufactured and marketed by Hyundai. Released in 2021 for the 2022 model year, the Santa Cruz is the first four-door pickup truck sold by Hyundai in the North American market. The vehicle is based on the Tucson crossover SUV, and uses a unibody chassis design. 
Industry analysts expected the Santa Cruz to attract car or crossover SUV buyers instead of people who have owned a larger, traditional pickup truck. Hyundai is to reportedly discontinue production of the Santa Cruz in 2026.

Ioannis Potouridis (Greek: Ιωάννης Ποτουρίδης, born 27 February 1992) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for the Greek club Aris Petroupolis.

A mounted bandit (Chinese: 馬賊, romanized: mǎzéi, Japanese: 馬賊, romanized: bazoku) is a bandit who uses horseback for mobility. The term is particularly used for mounted bandits who were active in Manchuria and its surrounding region from the end of the Qing Dynasty to the Manchukuo period.

Opened in 1998, Northmead Square is known as the first shopping centre to bring cinemas back to the South African town of Benoni in Ekurhuleni, Gauteng. The last remaining cinema had closed in the 80s. Northmead Square is a community centre that services people within a 5 km radius, though because it has regional branches of three of South Africa's banks (FNB, Nedbank and Standard Bank) members of the public do come from greater distances. Family-run and maintained by the Coutsides family, Northmead Square is popular and is affectionately known as "The Square."

A passive speaker (also referred to as a receptive bilingual or passive bilingual) is a category of speaker who has had enough exposure to a language in childhood to have a native-like comprehension of it but has little or no active command of it. Passive fluency is often brought about by being raised in one language (which becomes the person's passive language) and being schooled in another language (which becomes the person's native language).
Such speakers are especially common in language shift communities where speakers of a declining language do not acquire active competence. For example, around 10% of the Ainu people who speak the language are considered passive speakers. Passive speakers are often targeted in language revival efforts to increase the number of speakers of a language quickly, as they are likely to gain active and near-native speaking skills more quickly than those with no knowledge of the language. They are also found in areas where people grow up hearing another language outside their family with no formal education.

Penyu Islands is part of Molucca Islands, located at the south of Strait of Manipa near Ceram.  To the west is Lucipara Islands, to the east is Banda Islands and the south Barat Daya Islands.

Rick Lewis is an American politician and former law enforcement officer serving as a member of the Oregon House of Representatives. He represents the 18th district, which covers southern Clackamas and northeastern Marion counties.

Sonia Gomes (Caetanópolis, Minas Gerais,1948) is a Brazilian contemporary artist who lives and works in São Paulo, Brazil. Gomes frequently employs found objects and textiles in her works, twisting, stretching, and bundling them to fashion wiry or knotty sculptural forms.

Super Bowl XXIII was an American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Cincinnati Bengals and the National Football Conference (NFC) champion San Francisco 49ers to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1988 season. The 49ers defeated the Bengals 20–16, winning their third Super Bowl. The game was played on January 22, 1989, at Joe Robbie Stadium in Miami (now part of the suburb of Miami Gardens, which became a separate city in 2003). This was the first Super Bowl hosted in the Miami area in 10 years, and the first in Miami not held at the Orange Bowl.
This was the second meeting between these two teams in the Super Bowl; their first meeting was seven years earlier. The game was also the third rematch between Super Bowl teams after Super Bowl XIII and Super Bowl XVII. This was the Bengals' second Super Bowl appearance after finishing the regular season with a 12–4 record. The 49ers were making their third Super Bowl appearance after posting a 10–6 regular season record.
The game is best remembered for the 49ers' fourth-quarter game-winning drive. Down 16–13, San Francisco got the ball on their own 8-yard line with 3:10 on the clock and marched 92 yards down the field in under three minutes. They then scored the winning touchdown on a Joe Montana pass to John Taylor with just 34 seconds left in the game. The game was tight throughout. The teams combined for five field goals, and battled to a 3–3 score by the end of the second quarter, the first halftime tie in Super Bowl history. Cincinnati's only touchdown, a 93-yard kickoff return by Stanford Jennings in the third quarter, was quickly answered by a four-play, 85-yard drive that ended with San Francisco wide receiver Jerry Rice's 14-yard touchdown reception. The touchdown came one play after Cincinnati cornerback Lewis Billups dropped what would have been a drive-ending interception in the end zone. Rice, who was named the Super Bowl MVP, caught 11 passes for a Super Bowl record 215 yards and a touchdown, while also rushing once for five yards.

Thomas M'Crie (earlier spellings include McCree and Maccrie) (7 November 1797–9 May 1875) was a Presbyterian minister and church historian. He was a Scottish Secession minister who joined the Free Church of Scotland and served as the Moderator of the General Assembly to that church 1856/57.

The men's freestyle 65 kilograms wrestling competition at the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon was held on 28 September 2014 at the Dowon Gymnasium.

Adam Giede Böving (July 31, 1869 – March 16, 1957) was a Danish-American entomologist and zoologist. He was a specialist in the study of the larvae of the order Coleoptera and the author of a series of descriptions on their early stages of development.

Adoption Covenant is a 501(c)(3) charitable organization formed in 2003 in Lubbock, Texas, by Merinda K. Condra. It became a licensed child placing agency in 2004. In 2012, Adoption Covenant was nominated by Randy Neugebauer for special recognition, and as a result of this received the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute's 2012 Congressional Angel in Adoption Award.  At that time, it was reported that Adoption Covenant had been involved in helping over 300 children find their forever homes.

BC Arsenal Tula (Russian: бк Арсенал Тула) is a basketball club based in Tula, Russia. The club currently plays in the Russian Super League 2, the third tier in Russia.

Bagger 288 (Excavator 288), previously known as the MAN TAKRAF RB288 built by the German company Krupp for the energy and mining firm Rheinbraun, is a bucket-wheel excavator or mobile strip mining machine.
When its construction was completed in 1978, Bagger 288 superseded Marion 6360 as the heaviest land vehicle in the world (Marion 6360 weighed 12,700 metric tons). It took five years to design and manufacture and five years to assemble, with total cost reaching $100 million. In 1995, it was itself superseded by the slightly heavier Bagger 293 (14,200 tons).  XCMG's XGC88000 Crawler Crane remains the largest self-propelled land vehicle in the world, since bucket-wheel excavators are powered by an external power source, and the Overburden Conveyor Bridge F60s hold the title of largest land vehicle of any type by physical dimensions.
Like its siblings, the Bagger 288 requires a disproportionately small number of people to operate, at just five total. Whilst Bagger 288 is considered a "sibling vehicle" with Bagger 293, it is unclear if 288 receives the same moniker as 293's Type SRs 8000 by TAKRAF.

The canton of Limay is an administrative division of the Yvelines department, northern France. Its borders were modified at the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its seat is in Limay.
It consists of the following communes:

The Charles V Monument is a monumental sculpture erected in 1631 on Piazza Bologni in Palermo, Sicily. It was initially designed to be placed in the center of the Quattro Canti but was eventually erected in its current location. The statue of Charles V was created by Scipione Li Volsi of the Li Volsi family of Sicilian sculptors. It portrays him as a triumphant Roman Emperor, with reference to his months-long stop in Sicily (including Palermo) following the Conquest of Tunis (1535). The marble pedestal is by Giacomo Cirasolo and Luigi Geraci with sculptures by Giovanni Tagliavia. The Latin inscriptions praise Charles and compare him to "the brothers Robert [Guiscard] and Roger [first Count of Sicily]", who had brought an end to Muslim rule in Palermo in January 1072.



Cédric Revol (born 22 July 1994) is a French judoka.
Revol is a bronze medalist of the 2018 Judo Grand Slam Paris in the ‍–‍60 kg category.
At the 2021 Judo Grand Slam Abu Dhabi held in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, Revol won one of the bronze medals in his event.
Revol would go on to take GOLD at the 2023 Abu Dhabi Grand Slam

Darlingtonia may refer to:

Darlingtonia, California, in Del Norte County

Darlingtonia (plant) Torr., a genus in the family Sarraceniaceae with a single (carnivorous) species
Darlingtonia DC., a synonym of the legume genus Desmanthus Willd.
Darlingtonia (snake), a genus of snakes in the family Colubridae

Elie Ofek (Hebrew: אלי אופק) is an Israeli-American economist currently at Harvard Business School.



গিলাতলা মাধ্যমিক বিদ্যালয় Gilatala is a village in Pirojpur District in the Barisal Division of southwestern Bangladesh.

Freedom of religion in Canada is a constitutionally protected right, allowing residents the freedom to assemble and worship as each sees fit without coercion, limitation or interference. The Seventh Day Adventist Church's minority status increased its sensitivity to religious freedom early in its history. Shortly after its birth in 1860, the American Civil War and later "Sunday legislation" in the 1880s and 1890s raised concerns about religious liberty. That sensitivity accompanied the church's expansion into Canada.

Kusnal is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka, India.

Lorna Marie-Therese Trigwell, married name Lorna Smith, is a South African international lawn bowler. She is regarded as one of the leading players in the world after winning multiple medals.

MSU Faculty of Biology  (Russian: Биологический факультет МГУ) is a faculty of Moscow State University, created in 1930. There are about 1500 employees, including over 100 professors, 140 associate professors and teachers, 700 research associates. The Faculty Dean is - Mikhail Kirpichnikov, a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences.

Rendezvous in Paris (French: Rendez-vous à Paris) is a 1947 French comedy film directed by Gilles Grangier and starring Annie Ducaux, Claude Dauphin and Marguerite Moreno. It was shot at the Studio François 1 in Paris. The film's sets were designed by the art director Roland Quignon.

St John the Evangelist Church is a Catholic parish church in Islington, London. It was built from 1841 to 1843, seven years before the Reestablishment of the Catholic hierarchy  in 1850. It was designed by Joseph John Scoles, with parts of the interior by Edward Armitage. Architecturally, it is in the Romanesque Revival style. It is located on Duncan Terrace to the east of Upper Street close to the centre of Islington. It is a Grade II listed building.

The Oxford Companion to Australian Jazz (ISBN 0195547918) is a book in the series of Oxford Companions published by Oxford University Press. It was written and edited by Bruce Johnson, an academic, prolific author and jazz trumpeter from New South Wales, with some specialist articles by guest contributors.
The book was released in November 1987, and was considered as being indispensable for serious followers of jazz. Opening with an essay history of jazz in Australia, the book also contains over 220 pages of biographies or articles on bands, alphabetically arranged.
Johnson spent five years researching and writing the book, and it led to his next project where he would research "jazz, radical politics, and art." In 1989, Johnson presented a series of radio programs on the history of Australian jazz that grew from his work on the Oxford Companion to Australian Jazz and his archives collected during the research process. The radio program received the Public Broadcasters Association of Australia Music Award for excellence, and a Certificate of Merit at the Australian Hi-Fi FM Awards.

Topola [tɔˈpɔla] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska, within Środa County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.

The 1997 national convention was held by the Socialist Left Party was held from May 3–5 at the Oslo People's House in the city of Oslo. Erik Solheim had held the party leader seat since 1987, was forced to resign after being the main reason for the escalations in the party conflict between the left and right-wing faction. After announcing his resignation, Kristin Halvorsen became the only likely successor to him, even if she was a moderate and wanted to continue his modernization reforms within the party.
By the aftermath of the convention, the left-wing faction of the party had lost nearly all leading positions to the right-wing faction, however the party's program became radicalized and the majority of the delegates wanted a capitalist and Labour-critical stance. However, Halvorsen disobeyed some party programs clauses, the most notable being to not collaborate with capitalist or capitalist-friendly parties such as, for instance, the Labour or the Centre Party.



The 2010 Ritro Slovak Open was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the eleventh edition of the tournament which was part of the Tretorn SERIE+ series of the 2010 ATP Challenger Tour and the 2010 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Bratislava, Slovakia between 15 and 21 November 2010.

The 2024–25 season was Livingston's first season in the Scottish Championship, following their relegation from the Premiership at the end of the 2023–24 season. Livingston also competed in the League Cup, Challenge Cup and the Scottish Cup.



Alexandra Volstad (born 3 January 2006) is a Canadian professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for the UCI Women's ProTeam EF Education–Oatly.



All Saints' Cathedral is an Anglican cathedral in Onitsha, Anambra State, Nigeria. It serves as the seat of the Anglican Diocese on the Niger. The construction of the cathedral began in 1949. It was eventually completed and was dedicated on 1 November 1992.
George Carey, the then Archbishop of Canterbury preached a sermon in the church on 6 February 2001.

This is a bibliography of notable works about the Ottoman Empire.

Don Argue (born 1939) was the president of the National Association of Evangelicals from 1992 to 1998. He also served as the president of North Central University for sixteen years, and of Northwest University for nine years.

The Frank Bird Linderman House is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located in Lake County, Montana.  It was added to the Register on February 22, 1984.
Presumably it includes a house of Frank Bird Linderman.
Linderman is known to have owned property at Goose Bay on Flathead Lake (which is in Lake County and Flathead County), to which he moved his family from Helena, where he wrote full-time.

George Stormouth Henry Gibson (23 June 1885 – 31 December 1933) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon and Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

HMCS Ungava (hull number MCB 148) was a Bay-class minesweeper that was constructed for the Royal Canadian Navy during the Cold War. Entering service in 1954, the minesweeper was paid off in 1958 and transferred to the Turkish Navy. Renamed Tekirdağ, the ship remained in service until 1991 and was broken up in 2002.

Image (stylised as IMAGE) is an Irish lifestyle and fashion magazine launched in 1975 by publisher Kevin Kelly and his wife Rose. It has 120,000 readers a month and is "Ireland's best-read glossy".
IMAGE Media today: From podcasts to print, video to virtual events, social to online, the award-winning team are multi-channel creators who bring ideas that matter and stories that captivate their community of informed, intelligent Irish women and men. IMAGE.ie now sees an average of 500,000 unique users a month.
Image and its sister title Image Interiors was published by magazine publisher Kevin Kelly. Other titles include Image Brides and Garden Heaven.
In 2010, Kelly sold his share in the Image Publications Limited to a director of the company Robert Power, the company had been financed by loans from Power and another director and the second editor of the magazine Ann Reihill. Reihill retired from the magazine in 2016.

In mathematics, the interior extremum theorem, also known as Fermat's theorem, states that at the local extrema of a differentiable function, its derivative is always zero. It belongs to the mathematical field of real analysis and is named after French mathematician Pierre de Fermat.
By using the interior extremum theorem, the potential extrema of a function 
  
    
      
        f
      
    
    {\displaystyle f}
  
, with derivative 
  
    
      
        
          f
          ′
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle f'}
  
, can be found by solving an equation involving 
  
    
      
        
          f
          ′
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle f'}
  
. The interior extremum theorem gives only a necessary condition for extreme function values, as some stationary points are inflection points (not a maximum or minimum). The function's second derivative, if it exists, can sometimes be used to determine whether a stationary point is a maximum or minimum.

The Northern Territory Minister for Arts and Culture is a Minister of the Crown in the Government of the Northern Territory, Australia. The minister administers their portfolio through the Department of Industry, Tourism and Trade.
The Minister is responsible for Aboriginal sacred sites, archives management, arts and cultural development, the Arts Grants Board, botanic gardens, the collection and preservation of natural and cultural heritage, community grants for recreation and sports associations, conservation and wildlife, film, television and new media, heritage conservation, the Indigenous Arts Reference Group, library and information services, major events, management of cultural facilities, management of territory parks and reserves, sport and recreation, sporting events, sporting facilities, tourism, the Territory Wildlife Park and the Alice Springs Desert Park, tourist event development, attracting and acquisition, tourism infrastructure development, tourism strategy, water safety, wildlife management and the Window on the Wetlands.
The responsibilities of the ministry expanded substantially at that time, as it was renamed "Tourism and Culture" and incorporated the roles of three formerly separate ministries: Arts and Museums, Parks and Wildlife, and Sport and Recreation.
There are two assistant ministers attached to the portfolio: (assistant minister for sports and community events) and (assistant minister for bringing back the Arafura Games), as part of the Gunner government's decision to appoint all government backbenchers as assistant ministers.

Neita victoriae is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in Tanzania (the southern shores of Lake Victoria) and south-western Kenya. The habitat consists of Brachystegia woodland.

Operation Soteria Shield was a large-scale American law enforcement operation which was conducted in April 2025, resulting in the arrest of 244 suspects and the rescue of 109 children from online sexual exploitation and attacks. The operation involved over 70 state law enforcement agencies, including the Dallas, Plano, Rowlett, Wylie, and Garland police departments, as well as the Federal Bureau of Investigation Dallas Division, North Texas Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force, and the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children, whose analysts provided intelligence and case coordination. The effort was aimed at identifying and prosecuting individuals involved in the production, distribution, and possession of child sexual abuse material. Over 368 total charges were filed.

Prince of Wales Battery is an artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.

Sphenomorphus nigrolabris  is a species of skink found in Indonesia.

Susan Horwitz may refer to:

Susan B. Horwitz (1955–2014), American computer scientist
Susan Band Horwitz (born 1937), American biochemist

The Box (Korean: 더 박스; RR: Deo bakseu) is a 2021 South Korean musical road film directed by Yang Jung-woong for Yeonghwasa Take Co., Ltd. The film starring Park Chanyeol and Jo Dal-hwan, is about an aspiring singer and a washed-up music producer and their musical journey. The film was theatrically released on March 24, 2021, by Cine Pilwoon Co., Ltd.

Tobira o Akete (扉をあけて; lit. "Open the door") is Anza's second solo single released on April 21, 1999, under the Victor Entertainment label. The single reached #57 on the weekly Oricon chart and only rank for a week. It was used as a second opening song for the NHK anime Cardcaptor Sakura.

The 1940–41 Hammond Ciesar All-Americans season was the fourth and final professional basketball season of play for the franchise and third and final official season of play for the Hammond Ciesar All-Americans under that name following their move from Whiting to Hammond, Indiana under the National Basketball League, which was also in its fourth season that it existed as a professional basketball league after previously existing as a semi-pro or amateur basketball league called the Midwest Basketball Conference in its first two seasons back in 1935. However, if you include their brief time as an independent team before later joining the Midwest Basketball Conference in its second and final season of existence when  they first started out as the Whiting Ciesar All-Americans, this would officially be considered their at least their sixth and final season of existence as a team. 
This season would also be the only season where the Ciesar All-Americans would compete in the NBL without any divisions involved in the league (which later became its first of four seasons to do so) due to the NBL originally planning to have only six teams competing in this season with the Indianapolis Kautskys testing out how they'd do as a barnstorming team and the Detroit Eagles having issues with securing a deal for their home venue at the time before a last minute deal the Detroit franchise had (due to new owners) allowed for the Eagles to return in time to get the NBL to start the season with seven teams at hand. 
Before the season began, the Hammond Ciesar All-Americans would replace head coach Leo Bereolos with a new player-coach in Carl Anderson to be the last head coach that the Ciesar All-Americans would ever have as a team. However, the replacement of head coaches would lead to Hammond having a worse season for their final NBL season of play than the previous season they had with a 6–18 record. Due to the combination of rising costs and a lack of profits at hand with the Ciesar All-Americans franchise, team owner Edward "Eddie" Ciesar would end up folding the team's operations for good by the end of this season, making this their last season they would have as a franchise. However, the city of Hammond, Indiana would later have a new team playing in the NBL by its final season of play with the Hammond Calumet Buccaneers playing for the 1948–49 NBL season. Despite this season being the team's final season as a whole, the Hammond Ciesar All-Americans would have two of their players from this season in Bobby Neu and Ralph Vaughn (the latter of whom would end up playing for the Chicago Bruins later in the season) both end up making it to the All-NBL Second Team for their final season of play.

The 1998 FIBA World Championship squads were the squads of the 1998 FIBA World Championship.  The list includes the 12-men rosters of the 16 participating countries, totaling 192 players.

The year 2013 was marked in science fiction by the following events.

The 2018–19 Furman Paladins men's basketball team represented Furman University during the 2018–19 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Paladins, led by second-year head coach Bob Richey, played their home games at Timmons Arena in Greenville, South Carolina as members of the Southern Conference. They finished the season 25–8, 13–5 in Socon play to finish in a tie for second place. They defeated Mercer in the quarterfinals of the SoCon tournament before losing in the semifinals to UNC Greensboro. They received an at-large bid to the National Invitation Tournament where they lost in the first round to Wichita State. This season was the first team in school history to be ranked in the AP Poll.

Arnie David Giralt Rivero (born 26 August 1984 in Santiago de Cuba) is a Cuban triple jumper.

Art Corner was a retail store that operated at Disneyland amusement park in Anaheim, California, from 1955 until 1966. The store was located in the Tomorrowland area of the park.

Bara Culture was a culture that emerged in the eastern region of the Indus Valley civilization around 2000 BCE. It developed in the doab between the Yamuna and Sutlej rivers, hemmed on its eastern periphery by the Shivalik ranges of the lower Himalayas. This territory corresponds to modern-day Punjab, Haryana and Western Uttar Pradesh in North India. Older publications regard the Baran pottery to have initially developed independently of the Harappan culture branch of the Indus Valley Civilization from a pre-Harappan tradition, although the two cultures later intermingled in locations such as Kotla Nihang Khan and Bara, Punjab. According to Akinori Uesugi and Vivek Dangi, Bara pottery is a stylistic development of Late Harappan pottery. In the conventional timeline demarcations of the Indus Valley Tradition, the Bara culture is usually placed in the Late Harappan period.
Bara culture is so-named because initial evidence for its existence was discovered from archeological digs at the site in Bara, Punjab. Dher Majra and Sanghol are other important Bara culture sites that have been excavated.

The 2013 Biathlon Junior World Championships was held in Obertilliach, Austria from January 25 to February 1 2013. There was to be a total of 16 competitions: sprint, pursuit, individual, mass start, and relay races for men and women.

Bulgaria Boulevard (Bulgarian: Булевард „България“) is a boulevard and key thoroughfare connecting Sofia's centre, Bulgaria, with the southern neighbourhoods of the city and Boyana.
The boulevard was planned and built at the same time as the construction of the National Palace of Culture, which is located close to the northern end of the boulevard, which continues as Evlogi Georgiev Boulevard towards Orlov most after the intersection with Cherni Vrah Boulevard. The southern end of Bulgaria Boulevard is the intersection with the Sofia ring road towards Boyana, after which it is called Daskal St. Popandreev.
Neighbourhoods located along or near Bulgaria Boulevard, listed in a north-to-south order, include Ivan Vazov, Hipodruma, Belite Brezi, Strelbishte, Krasno selo, Motopista, Borovo, Buxton, Gotse Delchev, Bokar, Manastirski Livadi, and Boyana.

Ch'ŏnjin station is a railway station in Ch'ŏnjin-dong, Kaech'ŏn municipal city, South P'yŏngan province, North Korea. It is the terminus of the Kaech'ŏn Colliery Line of the Korean State Railway.

The Commerce Clause describes an enumerated power listed in the United States Constitution (Article I, Section 8, Clause 3). The clause states that the United States Congress shall have power "to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes". Courts and commentators have tended to discuss each of these three areas of commerce as a separate power granted to Congress. It is common to see the individual components of the Commerce Clause referred to under specific terms: the Foreign Commerce Clause, the Interstate Commerce Clause, and the Indian Commerce Clause.
Dispute exists within the courts as to the range of powers granted to Congress by the Commerce Clause. As noted below, it is often paired with the Necessary and Proper Clause, and the combination used to take a more broad, expansive perspective of these powers.
During the Marshall Court era (1801–1835), interpretation of the Commerce Clause gave Congress jurisdiction over numerous aspects of intrastate and interstate commerce as well as activity that had traditionally been regarded not to be commerce. Starting in 1937, following the end of the Lochner era, the use of the Commerce Clause by Congress to authorize federal control of economic matters became effectively unlimited. The US Supreme Court restricted congressional use of the Commerce Clause somewhat with United States v. Lopez (1995).
The Commerce Clause is the source of federal drug prohibition laws under the Controlled Substances Act. In a 2005 medical marijuana case, Gonzales v. Raich, the U.S. Supreme Court rejected the argument that the ban on growing medical marijuana for personal use exceeded the powers of Congress under the Commerce Clause. Even if no goods were sold or transported across state lines, the Court found that there could be an indirect effect on interstate commerce and relied heavily on a New Deal case, Wickard v. Filburn, which held that the government may regulate personal cultivation and consumption of crops because the aggregate effect of individual consumption could have an indirect effect on interstate commerce.

Dance with Death is a studio album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill featuring performances recorded in 1968 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1980. The album features Hill with saxophonist Joe Farrell, trumpeter Charles Tolliver, bassist Victor Sproles and drummer Billy Higgins performing six originals with an alternate take added to the 2004 CD reissue.

Effects bargaining is a type of bargaining which involves certain decisions that are within the management’s right to make. This has impact on mandatory subjects of bargaining. This is common to some business decisions like laying off and transferring employees. The bargaining on these impacts or effects is called effects bargaining.
For example, a contract may give an employer the ability to integrate new technology however, if the new technology will have a significant impact on employment, the employer is required to give the union notice in advance to allow bargaining on the effects prior to the technology being put in place.

Grace Hoops is a genre painting by the American artist Winslow Homer. It depicts two young women outdoors playing the game of graces. Scenes of childhood innocence constituted one of Homer's recurring subjects throughout the 1870s. The work is now in the collection of the McMullen Museum of Art at Boston College, having been donated as part of the Carolyn A. and Peter S. Lynch collection.

José María Santocildes y Llanos (1771–1847) was a Spanish general during the Peninsular War.



Ketereh is a town and parliamentary constituency in Kelantan. It is located in the southern half of Kota Bharu District, roughly halfway between metropolitan Kota Bharu and Machang along Highway 8. The town was named after the local name for the cashew fruit, ketereh (gajus in standard Malay).

Marcovia is a municipality in the Honduran department of Choluteca, on the Gulf of Fonseca.

Parkway West High School is an American public magnet high school that is located in the Mill Creek neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It shares a site with the Middle Years Alternative School for the Humanities (MYA). Both schools are part of the School District of Philadelphia.

In numerical analysis, a root-finding algorithm is an algorithm for finding zeros, also called "roots", of continuous functions. A zero of a function f is a number x such that f(x) = 0. As, generally, the zeros of a function cannot be computed exactly nor expressed in closed form, root-finding algorithms provide approximations to zeros. For functions from the real numbers to real numbers or from the complex numbers to the complex numbers, these are expressed either as floating-point numbers without error bounds or as floating-point values together with error bounds. The latter, approximations with error bounds, are equivalent to small isolating intervals for real roots or disks for complex roots.
Solving an equation f(x) = g(x) is the same as finding the roots of the function h(x) = f(x) – g(x). Thus root-finding algorithms can be used to solve any equation of continuous functions. However, most root-finding algorithms do not guarantee that they will find all roots of a function, and if such an algorithm does not find any root, that does not necessarily mean that no root exists.
Most numerical root-finding methods are iterative methods, producing a sequence of numbers that ideally converges towards a root as a limit. They require one or more initial guesses of the root as starting values, then each iteration of the algorithm produces a successively more accurate approximation to the root. Since the iteration must be stopped at some point, these methods produce an approximation to the root, not an exact solution. Many methods compute subsequent values by evaluating an auxiliary function on the preceding values. The limit is thus a fixed point of the auxiliary function, which is chosen for having the roots of the original equation as fixed points and for converging rapidly to these fixed points.
The behavior of general root-finding algorithms is studied in numerical analysis. However, for polynomials specifically, the study of root-finding algorithms belongs to computer algebra, since algebraic properties of polynomials are fundamental for the most efficient algorithms. The efficiency and applicability of an algorithm may depend sensitively on the characteristics of the given functions. For example, many algorithms use the derivative of the input function, while others work on every continuous function. In general, numerical algorithms are not guaranteed to find all the roots of a function, so failing to find a root does not prove that there is no root. However, for polynomials, there are specific algorithms that use algebraic properties for certifying that no root is missed and for locating the roots in separate intervals (or disks for complex roots) that are small enough to ensure the convergence of numerical methods (typically Newton's method) to the unique root within each interval (or disk).



St. Wilfrid's Church may refer to any of a number of structures in England:

St Wilfrid's Church, Alford, Lincolnshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Barrow-upon-Trent, Derbyshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Brighton, East Sussex
St Wilfrid's Church, Bognor Regis, West Sussex
St Wilfrid's Church, Burgess Hill, West Sussex
St Wilfrid's Church, Calverton, Nottinghamshire
St Wilfrid's Chapel, Church Norton, Selsey, West Sussex
St Wilfrid's Church, Davenham, Cheshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Egginton, Derbyshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Grappenhall, Cheshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Hailsham, East Sussex
St Wilfrid's Church, Halton-on-Lune, Lancashire
St Wilfrid's Church, Halton, Leeds, West Yorkshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Harrogate, North Yorkshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Haywards Heath, West Sussex
St Wilfrid's Church, Hickleton, South Yorkshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Hulme, Manchester
St. Wilfrid's Church, Kelham, Nottinghamshire
St. Wilfrid's Church, Kirkby-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Low Marnham, Nottinghamshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Melling, Lancashire
St Wilfrid's Church, Mobberley, Cheshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Monk Fryston, North Yorkshire
St Wilfrid and St Ann's Church, Newton Heath, Greater Manchester
Church of St Wilfrid, Northenden, Manchester
St. Wilfrid's Church, North Muskham, Nottinghamshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Preston, Lancashire
St Wilfrid's Church, Ribchester, Lancashire
St Wilfrid's Church, Ripon, North Yorkshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Screveton, Nottinghamshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Scrooby, Nottinghamshire
St. Wilfrid's Church, South Muskham, Nottinghamshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Standish, Greater Manchester
St Wilfrid's Church, West Hallam, Derbyshire
St Wilfrid's Church, Wilford, Nottinghamshire

The 1992 Baden-Württemberg state election was held on 5 April 1992 to elect the members of the 10th Landtag of Baden-Württemberg. The incumbent Christian Democratic Union (CDU) government under Minister-President Erwin Teufel lost its majority. The CDU suffered a 9.4% swing, mostly to the national conservative Republicans, who managed to enter the Landtag due to the asylum debate and achieved their best result in a state election, placing third with 10.9%. After the election, the CDU formed a grand coalition with the Social Democratic Party (SPD), and Teufel was re-elected as Minister-President.

The 2020–21 Girabola was the 43rd season of top-tier football in Angola. The season was held from 26 December 2020 until 29 June 2021.
The league comprised 16 teams and the bottom three teams were relegated to the 2021–22 Provincial stages.
Sagrada Esperança won the title while Baixa de Cassanje, Santa Rita de Cássia and Ferroviário do Huambo were relegated.

Anthony of Supraśl (Polish: Antoni Supraski) was a Ruthenian monk and martyr, now venerated in the Polish Orthodox Church.

Beyond the Walls (Hebrew: מאחורי הסורגים, MeAhorei HaSoragim, lit. "Behind the Bars") is a 1984 Israeli film directed by Uri Barbash and written by his brother Benny Barbash and Eran Preis. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.

Conundrum Press is the name of two book publishing companies in North America:

Conundrum Press (Canada)
Conundrum Press (United States)

cwRsync is an implementation of rsync for Windows. Rsync uses a file transfer technology specified by the rsync algorithm, transferring only changed chunks of files over the network in a given time. cwRsync can be used for remote file backup and synchronization from/to Windows systems. cwRsync contains Cygwin DLLs and a compiled version of rsync on Cygwin. A client GUI is also provided as of the version 5.0.0.

Dear Nathan: Thank You Salma is a 2022 Indonesian romantic drama film directed by Kuntz Agus and produced by Rapi Films and Screenplay Films. The film is based on the novel Thank You Salma by Erisca Febriani. The film stars Amanda Rawles, Jefri Nichol and Ardhito Pramono.  It is the third and the last installment of Dear Nathan trilogy. A sequel to Dear Nathan (2017) and Dear Nathan: Hello Salma (2018). Dear Nathan: Thank You Salma was theatrically released in Indonesia on 13 January 2022.

Elise Flagg (born 1951) is an American ballet dancer who worked with George Balanchine as a dancer at the New York City Ballet .

Le Bourg-d'Hem (French pronunciation: [lə buʁdɛm]; Occitan: Le Borg d'Hem; Marchois: Le Borg d'Ent) is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.

Lindsay Beamish is an American actress and professor, best known for her roles as Severin in Shortbus and Jamie in Forgetting the Girl. As of 2015, she teaches at Emerson College and graduated from UC Santa Cruz.

Dantak, also known as Project DANTAK, is an overseas project of the Border Roads Organisation under the Ministry of Defence of India. Project DANTAK was established on 24 April 1961 as a result of an agreement between Jigme Dorji Wangchuck, the third king of Bhutan and then Prime Minister of India Jawahar Lal Nehru. Colonel T.V.  Jaganathan was appointed as the first Chief Engineer of DANTAK. The project is involved in identifying the most important aspects of connectivity and in spurring the socio-economic development and growth of Bhutan. It is tasked to construct and maintain roads suitable for motorised transportation in Bhutan and was established under the provision of the Indo-Bhutan Treaty of Peace and Friendship, 1949.

QOCA is a library for incrementally solving systems of linear equations with various goal functions. It was developed by Kim Marriott and Sitt Sen Chok at Monash University, starting in 1992. The library provides three different solvers, one of which is based on the Cassowary algorithm. It can provide linear equalities and inequalities, using either Euclidean or Manhattan distances. C++ and Java implementations are available.
QOCA follows an object-oriented design. Its interface is based on metric space. Constraints can be added or removed, and “edit” variables can be applied and adjusted. It was designed to be suitable for real-time applications. In a 1997 technical report comparing QOCA to Cassowary, researchers described the former as being “considerably more sophisticated” and having “much better performance” than the latter.
QOCA is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2.

Razack is a given name. Notable people with the name include:

Abdool Razack Mohamed Kt, MP (1906–1978), Indian born former key Mauritian Minister in the pre and post-independence cabinet of Mauritius
Abdou Razack Traoré (born 1988), Ivorian-born Burkinabe footballer
Abraham Razack, SBS, JP (born 1945), the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (LegCo)
K. M. Abdul Razack, Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu
Sherene Razack, a Canadian postcolonial, anti-racist feminist scholar and activist of Indian descent

Stake.com is an Australian-Curaçaoan online casino. It is operated by Medium Rare NV, a company incorporated in Curaçao where it holds an online casino licence.



Staraya Russa (Russian: Старая Русса, IPA: [ˈstarəjə ˈrusːə]) is a town in Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the Polist River, 99 kilometers (62 mi) south of Veliky Novgorod, the administrative center of the oblast. Its population has steadily decreased over the past years, going from 41,538 recorded in the 1989 Census to 35,511 in the 2002 Census to 31,809 in the 2010 Census.



Susan Basemera also known as Lady Zani is a Ugandan singer and actress.

José Ulises Solís Pérez (born 28 August 1981) is a Mexican former professional boxer who competed from 2000 to 2013. He held the IBF junior flyweight title twice in his career from 2006 to 2009 and from 2011 to 2012. He is the brother of former boxer Jorge Solís.

Vârșolț (Hungarian: Varsolc) is a commune located in Sălaj County, Crișana, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Recea (Krasznarécse), Recea Mică (Kisrécsepuszta) and Vârșolț.
At the 2002 census, 64.1% of inhabitants were Hungarians, 32.4% Romanians and 3.4% Roma. 58.6% were Reformed, 33.5% Romanian Orthodox, 3.5% Baptist and 1.9% Roman Catholic.

X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) is a surface-sensitive quantitative spectroscopic technique that measures the very topmost 50–60 atoms, 5–10 nm of any surface. It belongs to the family of photoemission spectroscopies in which electron population spectra are obtained by irradiating a material with a beam of X-rays. XPS is based on the photoelectric effect that can identify the elements that exist within a material (elemental composition) or are covering its surface, as well as their chemical state, and the overall electronic structure and density of the electronic states in the material. XPS is a powerful measurement technique because it not only shows what elements are present, but also what other elements they are bonded to. The technique can be used in line profiling of the elemental composition across the surface, or in depth profiling when paired with ion-beam etching. It is often applied to study chemical processes in the materials in their as-received state or after cleavage, scraping, exposure to heat, reactive gasses or solutions, ultraviolet light, or during ion implantation.
Chemical states are inferred from the measurement of the kinetic energy and the number of the ejected electrons. XPS requires high vacuum (residual gas pressure p ~ 10−6 Pa) or ultra-high vacuum (p < 10−7 Pa) conditions, although a current area of development is ambient-pressure XPS, in which samples are analyzed at pressures of a few tens of millibar.
When laboratory X-ray sources are used, XPS easily detects all elements except hydrogen and helium. The detection limit is in the parts per thousand range, but parts per million (ppm) are achievable with long collection times and concentration at top surface.
XPS is routinely used to analyze inorganic compounds, metal alloys, polymers, elements, catalysts, glasses, ceramics, paints, papers, inks, woods, plant parts, make-up, teeth, bones, medical implants, bio-materials, coatings, viscous oils, glues, ion-modified materials and many others. Somewhat less routinely XPS is used to analyze the hydrated forms of materials such as hydrogels and biological samples by freezing them in their hydrated state in an ultrapure environment, and allowing multilayers of ice to sublime away prior to analysis.

Zafar Ali (born 2 March 1986) is a Pakistani cricketer. He played in 30 first-class and 12 List A matches between 2004 and 2014. He made his Twenty20 debut on 7 February 2014, for Larkana Bulls in the 2013–14 National T20 Cup.

Blanche Hillyard defeated Miss Howes 6–1, 6–2 in the All Comers' Final, and then the reigning champion Lottie Dod defeated Hillyard 6–3, 6–3 in the challenge round to win the ladies' singles tennis title at the 1888 Wimbledon Championships.

Jack Crawford defeated Harry Hopman 4–6, 6–3, 3–6, 6–3, 6–1 in the final to win the men's singles tennis title at the 1932 Australian Championships.

Aaron Trahair (born 3 February 1976) is an Australian basketball coach and former professional player who is the head coach for the Kalamunda Eastern Suns of NBL1 West.

Amolops daorum is a species of frog in the family Ranidae. It is known from its type locality in the vicinity of Sa Pa in northern Vietnam near the Chinese border, Hong Kong, and Houaphanh Province in eastern Laos; presumably it also occurs the intervening areas. The Hong Kong record is considered suspicious, however.

The men's pole vault at the 2022 Commonwealth Games, as part of the athletics programme, took place in the Alexander Stadium on 6 August 2022.

"Bottled Up" is the debut solo single by American singer Dinah Jane,  featuring fellow American singers Ty Dolla Sign and Marc E. Bassy. It was written by A. Chal, Ty Dolla Sign, Bassy, and Jane. It was released on September 21, 2018. The song was noted for having a similar sound to Jane’s former group’s, Fifth Harmony, music. It is an R&B song with tropical and hip-hop influences, while lyrically, it is about someone who bottles up their feelings and uses alcohol and drugs to hide them.

Charles Wieder Dent (born May 24, 1960) is an American politician who served as a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Pennsylvania's 15th congressional district from 2005 to 2018.
Born in Allentown, Pennsylvania, Dent worked in a variety of occupations after graduating from Pennsylvania State University. He earned a master's degree in public administration from Lehigh University and served as an aide to Congressman Donald L. Ritter. From 1991 to 2004, he served in the Pennsylvania General Assembly. In 2004, Dent won election to the United States House of Representatives, succeeding Pat Toomey.
In the House, Dent became a member of the centrist Republican Main Street Partnership and the Tuesday Group. He became co-chair of the Tuesday Group in 2007. He served on the House Committee on Appropriations, and previously chaired the House Ethics Committee.
In September 2017, Dent announced that he would retire from Congress and not seek re-election to another term in 2018.  In April 2018, Dent announced that he would retire in May 2018, not serving out the remainder of his term. He resigned on May 12, 2018, leaving the seat vacant.

Christopher Gillis (February 26, 1951–August 7, 1993) was an important Canadian male dancer and choreographer and member of the Paul Taylor Dance Company in New York City.

Eagle Ridge Academy is a charter school with a philosophical emphasis on the classical education movement  that serves grades Kindergarten through twelve. It is located in the southern part of Minnetonka, MN (close to Eden Prairie, Minnesota) having moved from another location in 2016.  The Kindergarten through eighth grade curriculum follows the Core Knowledge Sequence published by the Core Knowledge Foundation and the high school follows a "Classical framework" to structure its humane letters program.

Et spøkelse forelsker seg (A Ghost Falls in Love) is a Norwegian adventure film and spoof comedy from 1946. The film was directed by Tancred Ibsen, who also wrote the screenplay.

Frank Gervasi (1908 – January 21, 1990) was an American foreign correspondent and writer.

Kristopher Michael Pooley (born October 30, 1976) is an American rock musician from Detroit. He toured with Gwen Stefani as her keyboardist, programmer, and musical director. He is also the music director for Katy Perry, Kesha, Demi Lovato, Adam Lambert, Børns, Rita Ora and has toured with Jane's Addiction, Kenna, Justincase, Liz Phair, Siouxsie Sioux, Nick Lachey, The Vandals, Smashing Pumpkins, Morrissey, and Melissa Etheridge. Also a TV music producer, he has produced music for Glee, The American Bible Challenge, American Horror Story, The Glee Project, and The New Normal. On February 1, 2015, he was the music director for Super Bowl XLIX halftime featuring Katy Perry.
He married Smashing Pumpkins bassist Ginger Reyes in Los Angeles on June 22, 2008. He played with the Smashing Pumpkins during their fall 2008 tour including their performance on Jimmy Kimmel Live! and the Scream Awards on Spike TV/G4.
It was announced in January 2018 that Kris Pooley would be the new music director for American Idol on ABC. He has maintained that role since the sixteenth season.

This is a list of people who have served as Lord Lieutenant of the Isle of Wight:

1 April 1974 – 1979: Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma (previously Governor of the Isle of Wight)
1980–1985: Sir John Norris Nicholson, 2nd Baronet
25 February 1986 – 1995: David Seely, 4th Baron Mottistone (also Governor 1992–1995)
18 December 1995 – 2006: Sir Christopher Donald Jack Bland
24 October 2006 – 25 March 2019: Major General Sir Martin White
25 March 2019 – present: Susan Sheldon

Muwatalli II (also Muwatallis, or Muwatallish; meaning "mighty") was a king of the New Kingdom of the Hittite empire c. 1295–1282 (middle chronology) and 1295–1272 BC in the short chronology.

Pinus cembroides, also known as pinyon pine, Mexican pinyon, Mexican nut pine, and Mexican stone pine, is a pine in the pinyon pine group.
It is a small pine growing to about 20 m (66 ft) with a trunk diameter of up to 50 cm (20 in). It is native to western North America. It grows in areas with low levels of rainfall and its range extends southwards from Arizona, Texas and New Mexico in the United States into Mexico. It typically grows at altitudes between 1,600 and 2,400 m (5,200 and 7,900 ft).
The seeds are large and form part of the diet of the Mexican jay and Abert's squirrel. They are also collected for human consumption, being the most widely used pine nut in Mexico.

Pteroteinon concaenira, the narrow-banded red-eye, is a butterfly in the family Hesperiidae. It is found in Ivory Coast, Ghana, Nigeria, Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, western Uganda, north-western Tanzania and north-western Zambia. The habitat consists of forests.
Adults have been recorded feeding on the flowers of Mussaenda species.
The larvae feed on Raphia farinifera.

Saarvajanika Naga Brahmastana (Kannada/Tulu:ಸಾರ್ವಜನಿಕ ನಾಗ ಬ್ರಹ್ಮಸ್ಥಾನ) is an ancient Hindu temple, situated at  Moodanidambooru (Bannanje) village of Udupi district in Karnataka.
It is one of the oldest Nagabana in Udupi for snake worship. Here Nagaraja, Nagayakshi & Nagakannika are worshipped together with Brahma, Raktheshwari, Nandikona, Kshetrapala and Bobbarya daiva.

Suchowice [suxɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.

In breakdancing, toprock is foot movement performed while standing, serving as the opening display of style, and as a warm-up for transitions into the more acrobatic maneuvers of downrock. It allows the dancer to demonstrate coordination, flexibility, rhythm, and style. Breakers may devote considerable time to developing their toprock, which may include elements of salsa, Lindy Hop, Liquid dancing and the Robot. 
Toprock can have several names based on region. The list of toprock steps are Indian Step/Cross Step, Cross over Indian step/Hip Twist, Salsa Step/Side Step, Kick Step, and Bronx Step.

Yūkichi Takeda (武田 祐吉, Takeda Yūkichi; 5 May 1886 – 29 March 1958) was a scholar of Japanese literature.

This article is about the particular significance of the year 1913 to Wales and its people.

The men's freestyle 57 kilograms is a competition featured at the 2017 World Wrestling Championships, and was held in Paris, France on 25 August 2017.
This freestyle wrestling competition consisted of a single-elimination tournament, with a repechage used to determine the winners of two bronze medals. The two finalists faced off for gold and silver medals. Each wrestler who lost to one of the two finalists moved into the repechage, culminating in a pair of bronze medal matches featuring the semifinal losers each facing the remaining repechage opponent from their half of the bracket.

Biesterfeld is currently part (Ort) of the Rischenau quarter (Ortsteil) of the city of Lügde, Germany.

"Drugs" is a song by Ammonia, released as their debut single from their debut album Mint 400 in 1995. The song was an instant hit and is still regarded as one of the band's most recognised songs.
Lead singer Dave Johnstone is quoted as saying, "There isn't really that much of a message. 'Drugs' is about apathy towards drugs." The song was written in five minutes during a rehearsal and peaked at #32 on the Australian Singles chart and came in at #27 on Triple J’s Hottest 100 for 1995. In North America, it reached #29 on the Billboard's Hot Modern Rock Tracks and #22 on the Canadian rock/alternative chart.

The Falkland Islands national badminton team represents Falkland Islands in international badminton team competitions. The Falkland Islands women's team participated in the Pan American Badminton Championships in 2020 and finished in 7th place after losing the 6th place playoffs to Peru.
The Falkland Islands made their Commonwealth badminton debut in the 2010 Commonwealth Games when five representatives were selected to compete in singles and doubles.

Gerald Browne may refer to:

Gerald Browne (politician) (1871/1872–1951), Unionist politician in Northern Ireland
Gerald A. Browne (1924–2015), American author and editor
Gerald Browne (cricketer) (1850–1910), British cricket player
Gerald Michael Browne (1943–2004), American professor of classics
Gerald Browne, 7th Earl of Kenmare (1896–1952), Earl of Kenmare

Hosoya (written: 細谷 or 細矢) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Eiji Hosoya (細谷 英二; c. 1945 – 2012), Japanese businessman
Haruna Hosoya (細谷 はるな; born 1973), Japanese triathlete
Haruo Hosoya (細矢 治夫; born 1936), Japanese chemist and professor
Hosoya index
Kei Hosoya (細谷 圭; born 1988), Japanese baseball player
Mao Hosoya (細谷 真大; born 2001), Japanese footballer
Susumi Hosoya (細谷 進; born 1942), Japanese rower
Yoshimasa Hosoya (細谷 佳正; born 1982), Japanese voice actor

Isaac ben Samuel the Elder (c. 1115 – c. 1184), also known as the  Ri ha-Zaken (Hebrew: ר"י הזקן), was a French tosafist and Biblical commentator. He flourished at Ramerupt and Dampierre, France in the twelfth century. He is the father of Elhanan ben Isaac of Dampierre.



Itaru Ishii (石井 至, Ishii Itaru; born 1965) is an international consultant. He is the President of Ishii Brothers' Co., located in Tokyo, Japan, an independent consulting firm and licensed publisher.

Jay Nelson Hankins  (November 7, 1935 – January 20, 2020) was an American professional baseball player who played two seasons for the Kansas City Athletics of Major League Baseball.
Hankins attended the University of Missouri. He was a member of the Tigers team that won the 1954 College World Series. Hankins was signed as a free agent by the Kansas City Athletics in 1957.
After his playing days were over, Hankins worked both as a minor league manager for the Kansas City Royals organization and as the Scouting Director for the Philadelphia Phillies from 1989 to 1992. He died on January 20, 2020.

John Byrom (born 28 July 1944) is an English former footballer who played as a forward.
Byrom started his career at home town club Blackburn Rovers, and joined the club's groundstaff after finishing school. He had won England international youth honours, and made his first-team debut in 1961. He played over 100 games for them before being signed in the summer of 1966 by near neighbours Bolton Wanderers for £25,000. Originally signed to partner Francis Lee and Wyn Davies, when both players quickly left, Byrom became the senior striker. As Bolton moved between the second and third divisions of English football, he scored 130 goals in his ten years at Burnden Park, including twenty when Bolton won the Third Division title in 1973, before moving back to Blackburn for a final season, retiring in 1977 with a knee injury.
On retiring, he took many jobs including driving, sweeping and selling cars before finally setting up his own gas cylinder business, from which he retired in the mid-1990s. He now lives in the Ribble Valley.

KERX (95.3 FM, "ESPN Arkansas") is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Paris, Arkansas. The station is owned and operated by Pearson Broadcasting. The broadcast license is held by Pearson Broadcasting of Paris, Inc.
KERX broadcasts a sports radio format to the greater Fort Smith, Arkansas, area.
The station was assigned the call sign "KERX" by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on May 3, 1993.

Mousouroi (Greek: Μουσούροι, Δήμος Μουσούρων), is a former municipality in the Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Platanias, of which it is a municipal unit. The municipal unit has an area of 191.744 km2 (74.033 sq mi). The municipality is named after the medieval noble Mousouros family that existed in the area.
It was part of the former Kydonia Province. The municipal unit extends from the hinterland of the town of Chania to the mountains of south Crete. Many tourists pass through Mousouroi on their way to Omalos and the start of the Samaria Gorge walk, which is in Mousouroi. Mousouroi is bordered by Voukolies in the southwest, Platanias in the northwest, Theriso to the east and East Selino in the southwest with Sfakia in the southeast.
The municipal unit includes the following communities:

Paul Kelver is a 1902 semi-autobiographical novel by Jerome K. Jerome (best known for Three Men in a Boat).
"Paul Kelver" by Jerome K. Jerome is a novel set and published in the early 20th century. The story follows the life of Paul Kelver, who, in a London caught between dreams and harsh reality, grapples with the challenges of his childhood and his family dynamics. From the outset, Paul reflects on his fate and upbringing, exploring themes such as identity, family, and the struggle against adversity. The opening of the novel establishes the narrative atmosphere as Paul recalls his childhood and the expectations of society. The novel illuminates Paul's relationship with his parents, particularly the contrast between his father's ambitions and the difficulties the family faces in a modest, often hostile environment. In this, as in much else, the novel draws on the author's own life story. The book open with an evocative prologue depicting the old house that irresistibly draws Paul in and hints at a profound connection to his past. Through a humorous exploration of his birth, interspersed with tender and critical observations, the reader discovers the moral and existential questions that will shape Paul's path to adulthood. As themes such as fate, family, and self-discovery unfold, the opening lays the foundation for an exploration of the hero's character and its implications in the contemporary world.
Until the publication of Paul Kelver reviewers had frequently dismissed Jerome's writing as "colloquial" and "vulgar". Punch dubbed Jerome "'Arry J. 'Arry". But the public loved his writing, particularly in Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow (1886) and Three Men in a Boat (1889). His biographer Joseph Connolly comments that readers loved Jerome's work for the very reasons that the critics loathed it: "it was modern, vulgar, of the people, and written in the very way … in which people spoke".
By contrast, Paul Kelver was exceptionally well reviewed. The Times called it "a remarkably good book"; The Pall Mall Gazette said, "The book is really great. Everything is there – humour and pathos, sympathy and wisdom. One laughs, and cries, and approves. The book, in short, must admit him to the ranks of the great English novelists of the day". Several reviewers ranked the book with the novels of Charles Dickens. Jerome regarded it as his best work.

Paulene Elenora Myers (November 9, 1913 – December 8, 1996) was an American actress. Variations on the spelling of her name include Pauline Myers and Pauline Meyers. She was a pioneer among African–American actors who performed on Broadway stage and appeared on many television series throughout her long career. Myers' career spanned over six decades.

Pterolophia biarcuatoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1943.

Sant'Agnese a Vignano is a Renaissance-style, Roman Catholic church located in the village of Vignano just outside the walls of the city of Siena, region of Tuscany, Italy. It is part of the archdiocese of Siena-Colle of Val d'Elsa-Montalcino.

Tadashi Shimokawa (下川 禎, Shimokawa Tadashi) (born 27 June 1962) is a Japanese fencer. He competed in the individual and team foil events at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

The following is a list of Teen Choice Award winners and nominees for Choice Summer TV Star: Male. The award was first introduced in 2009 with Daren Kagasoff being the inaugural winner.
Choice Summer TV Star: Male has been won by Tyler Blackburn, Ian Harding and Tyler Posey the most times, with two wins each one. Posey is the most nominated actor in this category with seven nominations.
In 2018, the award was introduced as Choice Summer TV Star with the nominees, Male and Females being in the same category.
The current winner as Choice Summer TV Star: Male is Noah Schnapp for Stranger Things (2019).

Yakov Grigorevich Kreizer (Russian: Яков Григорьевич Крейзер; 4 November 1905, Voronezh – 29 November 1969, Moscow) was a Soviet field commander.

The 1851 New Hampshire gubernatorial election was held on March 11, 1851, in order to elect the governor of New Hampshire. Incumbent Democratic governor Samuel Dinsmoor Jr. won re-election against Whig nominee Thomas E. Sawyer and Free Soil Party nominee John Atwood. Since no candidate received a majority in the popular vote, Dinsmoor was elected by the New Hampshire General Court per the state constitution.

The East Sussex County Council election, 2009 took place on 4 June 2009 as part of the 2009 United Kingdom local elections, having been delayed from 7 May, to coincide with elections to the European Parliament. All 49 seats of this council were up for election. The councillors were elected from 44 electoral divisions, which accordingly return one or two by first-past-the-post voting, for a four-year term of office.
All locally registered electors (British, Irish, Commonwealth and European Union citizens) who were aged 18 or over on Thursday 4 June 2009 were entitled to vote in the local elections. Those who were temporarily away from their ordinary address (for example, away working, on holiday, in student accommodation or in hospital) were also entitled to vote in the local elections, although those who had moved abroad and registered as overseas electors cannot vote in the local elections. It is possible to register to vote at more than one address (such as a university student who had a term-time address and lives at home during holidays) at the discretion of the local Electoral Register Office, but it remains an offence to vote more than once in the same local government election.

Dolichi (Greek: Δολίχη) is a village and a community of the Elassona municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Livadi, of which it was a municipal district. The 2021 census recorded 334 inhabitants in the village. The community of Dolichi covers an area of 17.373 km2. Within the village's area is the site of the ancient city of Doliche.The settlement was formerly known as Douchlista (Δούχλιστα), and renamed to Dolichi (Δολίχη) in 1928.
Dolichi is situated on the west foot of Mount Olympus, 21 km from Elassona to Katerini, at an attitude of 5,90 m. Its inhabitants are mainly occupied with farming and agriculture (tobacco, grain, sugar beets, corn, clover etc.)
Attractions in the modern village include: 

The Church of the Holy Transfiguration of Christ, located in the central square and a Byzantine monument, probably of the 13th AD century.
The hill of Prophet Elias in antiquity was probably the ancient castle of Doliche Perrhaebiki Tripolis.
The Folk Museum has been operating since 2007.
The site at "fort", which according to the researchers placed the Kastri paliochristianiki Doliche. The castle is "station" on cultural and tourist development Doliche and the wider region.

George Linklater Sr. was an Australian rules footballer for Port Adelaide.

Hosios Loukas (Greek: Ὅσιος Λουκᾶς) is a historic walled monastery situated near the town of Distomo, in Boeotia, Greece. Founded in the mid-10th century, the monastery is one of the most important monuments of Middle Byzantine architecture and art, and has been listed on UNESCO's World Heritage Sites since 1990, along with the monasteries of Nea Moni and Daphnion.

Keith English (born February 13, 1927 – January 21, 1989) was a Grey Cup champion and award-winning Canadian Football League player. He was primarily an offensive end but also played on defence.
A graduate of both Loyola High School and Loyola College, English joined his hometown Montreal Alouettes in 1948. Playing 12 regular season games he scored 2 touchdowns and a safety, good enough to win the Gruen Trophy for best rookie in the eastern Big Four (at a time when only Canadians could win the award). In 1949 he was an integral part of the Larks first Grey Cup championship. He retired after only 4 seasons with Montreal, playing 39 games.
He later became an avid curler and golfer, and was a vice-president with McFarlane Son and Hodgson Ltd. In 1972 he was elected into the Loyola College Sports Hall of Fame (now Concordia University). He died on January 21, 1989, aged 61, from undisclosed causes.

Lord Claud Hamilton PC (27 July 1813 – 3 June 1884) was a British Conservative politician. He notably served as Treasurer of the Household in 1852 and between 1858 and 1859 and as Vice-Chamberlain of the Household between 1866 and 1868.

The McCloskey critique refers to a critique of post-1940s "official modernist" methodology in economics, inherited from logical positivism in philosophy.  The critique maintains that the methodology neglects how economics can be done, is done, and should be done to advance the subject. Its recommendations include use of good rhetorical devices for "disciplined conversation."

Mewat (; Hindustani: [ˈmeːwaːt]) is a historical and cultural region which encompasses parts of the modern-day states of Haryana, Rajasthan, and Uttar Pradesh in northwestern India.



Neuwirth is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Aleš Neuwirth (born 1985), Czech football player
Allan Charles Neuwirth (born 1956), American screenwriter, producer, author, designer and cartoonist
Angelika Neuwirth (born 1943), German professor of Quranic studies
Anton Neuwirth (1921–2004), Slovak medical doctor, political prisoner, Member of Parliament, and ambassador
Bebe Neuwirth (born 1958), American theater, television, and film actress
Bob Neuwirth (1939–2022), American singer, songwriter, record producer and visual artist
Chantal Neuwirth (born 1948), French actress
Erich Neuwirth (born 1948), Austrian professor emeritus of statistics und computer science at the University of Vienna
Gösta Neuwirth (born 1937), Austrian musicologist, composer and academic teacher
Jessica Neuwirth (born 1961), American lawyer and women's rights activist
Lucien Neuwirth (1924–2013), French advocate for the oral contraceptive pill, who defended the Neuwirth Law
Michal Neuvirth (born 1988), Czech ice hockey player
Olga Neuwirth (born 1968), Austrian composer
Robert Neuwirth, American journalist and author
Robert S. Neuwirth (1933–2013), American gynecologist
Tassilo Neuwirth (born 1940), Austrian ice hockey player
Tom Neuwirth (born 1988), Austrian singer and drag queen, better known as Conchita Wurst
Yehoshua Neuwirth (1927–2013), Israeli rabbi
Yvonne Neuwirth (born 1992), Austrian tennis player

The Pakistan national cricket team toured Australia in the 1989–90 season, under the captaincy of Imran Khan. The series set a Pakistani team, regarded as one of the strongest team in the world against an Australian team returning from an unexpectedly successful tour of England. The series was marred by a series of incidents and conflicts, including a walk off by the Pakistani players during a tour match against Victoria in protest at an umpire's ruling. The three match Test series was won by Australia 1–0.
The touring party consisted of Imran Khan (captain), Aamer Malik, Aaqib Javed, Abdul Qadir, Ijaz Ahmed, Javed Miandad, Mansoor Akhtar, Maqsood Rana, Mushtaq Ahmed, Nadeem Ghauri, Rameez Raja, Saeed Anwar, Saleem Malik, Saleem Yousuf, Shoaib Mohammad, Tauseef Ahmed, Waqar Younis and Wasim Akram.

Sir Percy Edward Thomas OBE (13 September 1883 – 19 August 1969) was an Anglo-Welsh architect who worked in Wales for the majority of his life. He was twice RIBA president (1935–37 and 1943–46).

Progress charts are tools used in classrooms, in child care centers, and in homes across the world. They are used to promote good behavior and reward children for those behaviors, which is why they are also known as behavior charts. They can be used in a many situations and they can come in a variety of styles. Progress charts are easy to use and promote positive reinforcement.

Radekan or Radkan (Persian: رادكان) may refer to:

Radkan, Golestan
Radekan, Qazvin
Radkan, Razavi Khorasan
Radkan Rural District, in Razavi Khorasan Province

The Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band 30th Anniversary Tour was a concert tour by the rock supergroup Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band that began on 21 March 2019 at Harrah's Resort Southern California in Valley Center, California, and concluded on 1 September 2019 at the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles, California. With concerts in the United States and Japan, as well as one show in Canada, the tour celebrated the anniversary of frontman Ringo Starr's first All-Starr Band tour in 1989.
The setlist for the tour included songs by Starr—both by his former band the Beatles and from his career as a solo artist—as well as songs by All-Starr band members and their associated bands, including Steve Lukather and Warren Ham of Toto, Gregg Rolie (formerly of Santana and Journey), Colin Hay of Men at Work, and Hamish Stuart (formerly of Average White Band). Drummer Gregg Bissonette also played on the tour.

Selskabet Kjæden (English: The Society of the Chain), formerly known as Kjæde-ordenen (English: The Order of the Chain), is a fraternal, philanthropical society based in Copenhagen, Denmark. The society has since 1811 been involved in work for blind people. Princess Elisabeth of Denmark is protector of the organization. Its building, situated at Klerkegade 10, was listed in the Danish national registry of protected buildings and places by the Danish Heritage Agency on  1 October 1989.

St. Clare's Monastery is a monastery of the Order of St. Clare in Duncan, British Columbia, Canada. The nuns of the order also go by the name "Poor Clares". They are a contemplative community of  women who live the charism of Saint Clare of Assisi and form the Second Order in the movement started by Saint Francis of Assisi.

The Tatra 12 is an automobile produced by Czech manufacturer Tatra between 1926 and 1933. It was replaced by the Tatra 57 in 1932.
At the beginning of the 1920s, Czech car manufacturers were focusing on producing large and expensive cars which only the rich could afford. Some companies began to introduce less expensive designs, intending them to be affordable for the middle class. Tatra entered this market with the Tatra 11, to which the Tatra 12 was the successor.

The Pitch is an American podcast hosted by Josh Muccio, produced in partnership with Vox Media. The show features entrepreneurs in need of venture funding as they pitch to a live panel of investors, similar to ABC's hit TV series Shark Tank. Billed as, "A show where real entrepreneurs pitch to real investors—for real money", the podcast aims to capture the essence of what happens when entrepreneurs pitch investors.



Thomas Henry Bell (21 March 1895 – 16 April 1955) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

The 1999 European Amputee Football Championship was the 1st edition of the international competition of european amputee football national men's teams. It was organized by the International Amputee Football Federation (IAFF), had the "open" status, and was held in Kyiv, Ukraine between 5 and 9 August 1999.
Brazil national amputee football team won the title for the first time, defeating Russia in the final. Ukraine became bronze medalist before England. All matches were played at Spartak Stadium, Kyiv.

The 2015 World Taekwondo Grand Prix was the 3rd edition of the World Taekwondo Grand Prix series.

The 35th Division Sustainment Brigade ("Volunteers") is a sustainment brigade of the Tennessee Army National Guard.
The Brigade formed in 2005, and gradually over three years assumed the lineage of long-time TN ARNG 196th Field Artillery Brigade based in Chattanooga, Tennessee. In July 2008 the 196th Field Artillery Brigade cased its colors, and it formally inactivated in July 12, 2008.  From 2008 until 2024, the unit was the 230th Sustainment Brigade until it was repatched as the 35th Division Sustainment Brigade.
The 1st Battalion, 181st Field Artillery, located at the Chattanooga Armory, was transferred from the 196th FA Brigade to the 35th Division Sustainment Brigade. The Brigade also includes the 176th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion based at Johnson City, which has participated in Joint Task Force East rotations in Romania and Bulgaria. The other subordinate battalion within the Brigade is the 30th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion.
The 30th CSSB consisted of the following:

1171st Transportation Company of Dresden, TN and Tiptonville, TN cased its colors in 2017 whenever they stood up the 1172nd based on location in Waynesboro, TN and Memphis, TN
1172nd Transportation Company stood up in 2017 based on location in Waynesboro, TN and Memphis, TN
1174th Transportation Company
1175th Transportation Company based out of Brownsiville, TN and Tullahoma, TN
1176th Transportation Company based out of Dresden, TN ; Smyrna, TN ; and Johnson City, TN
777th Maintenance Company
In 2011 HHC, 35th Division Sustainment Brigade deployed to Kuwait where it assisted with the drawdown from Iraq.

The Akwayafe River (also known as the Akpakorum River) is a river in Africa that empties into the Gulf of Guinea. The river forms a portion of the land boundary between Cameroon and Nigeria.

The cherub in Eden is a figure mentioned in Ezekiel 28:13–14. Many translations, including the New International Version, identify the cherub with the King of Tyre, specifically Ithobaal III (reigned 591–573 BC) who according to the list of kings of Tyre of Josephus was reigning contemporary with Ezekiel at the time of the first fall of Jerusalem. Other translations, including the New Revised Standard Version, see the cherub as the king's guardian.

In Between Thoughts...A New World is the sixth studio album by Mexican duo Rodrigo y Gabriela. It was released on 21 April 2023 through ATO Records. The album includes electric guitar elements as well as influences from jazz and classical music, in addition to the duo's established all-acoustic guitar sound. There are also contributions from the Bulgarian Symphony Orchestra, with string arrangements by Austrian composer Adam Ilyas Kuruc. The album was inspired by Rodrigo Sánchez's studies of the philosophy of nondualism as he recovered from COVID-19 in 2020, and the duo's interest in the Hindu philosophy of Advaita Vedanta. It was produced at the duo's home studio in Ixtapa, Mexico.

James Curran Barry (March 7, 1870  – April 4, 1943) was an American boxer who held the world bantamweight championship from 1894 to 1899. Commonly referred to as "The Little Tiger", Barry retired undefeated with a record of 59–0–10, the most wins of any undefeated world boxing champion.  He was inducted into The Ring magazine Hall of Fame in 2000.

Joe Crabtree (born 21 September 1979) is an English rock drummer. He is a former member of Wishbone Ash and is also known for his work with Pendragon and the David Cross Band.

Karl Scully (born 10 June 1978) is an Irish opera tenor.

Ken Namba (難波 研, Nanba Ken; born September 19, 1983) is a Japanese composer, performer and researcher.

Laura Main (born 8 March 1977) is a Scottish actress known for her role as Sister Bernadette and, later, Nurse Shelagh Turner in the BBC One drama series Call the Midwife.

The UK Rock & Metal Singles Chart is a record chart which ranks the best-selling rock and heavy metal songs in the United Kingdom. Compiled and published by the Official Charts Company, the data is based on each track's weekly physical sales, digital downloads and streams. In 1997, there were 21 singles that topped the 52 published charts. The first number-one single of the year was "In the Meantime", the debut single by alternative rock band Spacehog, which spent the first three weeks of the year at number one. The final number-one single of the year was "The Memory Remains" by American heavy metal band Metallica.
The most successful song on the UK Rock & Metal Singles Chart in 1997 was "The Memory Remains" by Metallica, which spent the last six weeks of the year at number one. Reef's "Come Back Brighter" was number one for five weeks, while the band also spent two weeks atop the chart with "Yer Old". Green Day's "Hitchin' a Ride" also spent five weeks at number one, while Jon Bon Jovi was number one for five weeks with "Midnight in Chelsea" (three weeks) and "Queen of New Orleans" (two weeks). Marilyn Manson's "Tourniquet" spent three weeks at number one and one week with "The Beautiful People", while "In the Meantime" by Spacehog, "Song 2" by Blur and "Monkey Wrench" by Foo Fighters were all number one for three weeks. Five singles – "Swallowed" by Bush, "Falling in Love (Is Hard on the Knees)" by Aerosmith, "Freak" by Silverchair, "Afraid" by Mötley Crüe and "Anthem" by The Wildhearts – spent two weeks each at number one on the chart during 1997.

Metheny is an ancient English surname. People so named include:

Bud Metheny (1915–2003), Major League Baseball player and college head coach
C. Brainerd Metheny (1889–1960), American football and basketball coach, college athletics administrator, and insurance executive
Joe Metheny (1955–2017), American serial killer and cannibal
Kevin Metheny (1954–2014), American radio and cable network executive
Linda Metheny (born 1947), American artistic gymnast
Mike Metheny (born 1949), American jazz flugelhornist and music journalist
Pat Metheny (born 1954), American jazz guitarist and composer, brother of Mike Metheny

In the C++ programming language, a reference is a simple reference datatype that is less powerful but safer than the pointer type inherited from C. The name C++ reference may cause confusion, as in computer science a reference is a general concept datatype, with pointers and C++ references being specific reference datatype implementations. The definition of a reference in C++ is such that it does not need to exist. It can be implemented as a new name for an existing object (similar to rename keyword in Ada).

Richard King  was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons  between 1640 and 1643. He supported the Royalist side in the English Civil War.
King was elected recorder of Melcombe Regis on 4 February 1628.
In April 1640, King was elected Member of Parliament for Melcombe Regis in the Short Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Melcombe Regis in the Long Parliament in November 1640  King is recorded in an incident in 1641 after George Digby was accelerated to the House of Lords. Digby's younger brother John perched himself on a ladder at the door of the chamber which the speaker, William Lenthall  took as an act of disrespect and insubordination and told him to take his place, and not to sit upon the  ladder as if he were going to be hanged. King complained that the Speaker had   transgressed his duty in using so disgraceful a speech to so noble a gentleman and after some turmoil obtained a conditional apology. King supported King Charles and was disabled from sitting in parliament on 27 February 1643.  
King died between 1643 and 1645.

Sophie Megan Hahn (born 23 January 1997) is a parasport athlete from England competing mainly in T38 sprint events. In 2013, she qualified for the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships, selected for the T38 100m and 200m. She took the gold in the 100m sprint, setting a new world record.
In 2018, she won the gold medal in the T38 100 metres for women at the Commonwealth Games; in doing so she became the first female track and field athlete to hold gold medals in the same event from the World Championships, Paralympic Games, European Championships and Commonwealth Games, mirroring in parasports the achievements of fellow Paralympian Dan Greaves, and Olympic champions Daley Thompson, Linford Christie, Sally Gunnell, Jonathan Edwards and Greg Rutherford.

White Pass, also known as the Dead Horse Trail (elevation 873 m or 2,864 ft), is a mountain pass through the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains on the border of the U.S. state of Alaska and the province of British Columbia, Canada. It leads from Skagway, Alaska, to the chain of lakes at the headwaters of the Yukon River (Crater Lake, Lake Lindeman, and Bennett Lake).

Woody Chapel is an unincorporated community in McClain County, Oklahoma, United States. It is located at the junction of State Highways 24 and 39. It is near Dibble and Purcell, and its residents are listed in the local Purcell phone book. The name comes from a general store and gas station, now closed, located along Highway 24.
Woody Chapel suffered wind damage from a tornado on April 10, 1979.

Zajączki [zaˈjɔnt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.

The 1976 United States presidential debates were a series of debates held during the 1976 presidential election. 
The League of Women Voters organized four debates among the major party candidates, sponsored three presidential debates and one vice presidential debate. Three presidential debates were held between Republican nominee Gerald Ford and Democratic nominee Jimmy Carter. One vice presidential debate was held between their respective vice presidential running mates, Bob Dole and Walter Mondale. In each of the debates, the candidates received questions in turn with three minutes to answer and a 60-second rebuttal.

Agni Sakshi (transl. With Fire as Witness) is a 1982 Indian Tamil-language psychological drama film directed by K. Balachander, starring Sivakumar and Saritha. It revolves around a woman with schizophrenia who has difficulty differentiating fiction from reality.
Agni Sakshi was released on 14 November 1982, and failed commercially. However, Saritha won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actress.

Altınemek is a village in the Hanak District, Ardahan Province, Turkey. Its population is 44 (2021).

Andrena marginata, sometimes called the small scabious mining bee is a species of the sand bee (Andrena) genus.

Arthur Vincent Roth (December 4, 1891 – October 10, 1950) was an American long-distance runner who won the 1916 Boston Marathon and competed in the men's marathon at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Roth was born in Dorchester, Massachusetts. In 1912 and 1913, he competed primarily in 10-mile road races. Roth competed in the 1913 New York Evening Mail Modified Marathon and placed 31st out of 1,500 runners.
In 1914, he finished fifth at the Boston Marathon and was reported to have been from Roxbury, Massachusetts. Representing the Mohawk Athletic Club, he won a five-mile race put on the Bronxdale Athletic Club in February 1915 (27:04). Three months later in May 1915, Roth finished fifth in a ten-mile contest through the streets of Jersey City and Hoboken that was sponsored by The Jersey Journal.
By 1916, Roth was reported to be a "tracer in an architect's office". On February 22 of that year, he won a 25-mile marathon in Brooklyn, New York, in a time of 2:48:40. Representing the Dorchester Club at the 1916 Boston Marathon two months later, Roth became the first Boston resident to win the event. He was given a silver punch bowl for his victory. The bowl was eventually loaned to the Boston Athletic Association after a BAA intern observed it being used to hold beer cans at a party.
In February 1917, Roth finished third in a 25-mile race in Brooklyn, New York (2:43:35). Later that year, he finished fourth in a 25.5 mile race in Brockton, Massachusetts.
The 1920 Boston Marathon served as one of the selection races for the United States Olympic Team at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium. Roth, this time competing for the St. Alphonsus Association, secured a spot on the team by finishing second to Panayotis "Peter" Trivoulidas of Greece in a time of 2:30:31. At the Olympic marathon on August 22, he lined-up with competitors from 17 nations, but failed to finish the race after dropping out 14.5 miles into the race.
On October 11, 1950, Roth died at his home in Natick, Massachusetts.

Austin Yang Ching-Wei (born January 12, 1998) is a Taiwanese chess player.

Brittany Lee Lewis (born July 21, 1990) is an activist, television personality, political commentator, disc jockey (DJ), Miss Delaware 2014, and Miss Black America 2017. She is a native of Brigantine, New Jersey. Lewis was crowned the 49th Miss Black America in 2017 and she competed in the Miss America Pageant as Miss Delaware in 2014. She is also a regular commentator on  RT News, Roland Martin Show,  Fox5DC, and various Sinclair Broadcasting programs.
Lewis is an advocate for domestic violence awareness and chooses it as her platform topic in pageants; her sister was fatally shot in 2010 after an abusive relationship of five years. Lewis is a historian and educator, having taught at both the college and post-secondary levels. She has a B.A., M.A., and is a PhD candidate in the history department at George Washington University.
Her activism and pageantry have been covered by NPR, The Washington Post, Southern Living, and Good Morning Washington, among others.

The Flora of Lithuania is estimated to comprise about 10,600 species. About 1,350 of these are vascular plants; about 335 are bryophytes; and about 2,000 are algae. Lichens are represented by about 500 species, and fungi by about 6,400 species. About 550 of these species are considered extinct or threatened. Protected areas now cover more than 12% of the territory of Lithuania.
Lithuania lies both in the boreal and the broadleaved (angiosperm) forest belts. A variety of species are therefore found within its relatively small territory, including species characteristic of the southern taiga. The occurrence of the hornbeam species Carpinus betulus marks the border between the predominantly broadleaved zone in the south and the coniferous zone in the north.

Franco Stephan Marais (born 23 September 1992) is a South African rugby union player for Red Hurricanes in the Japanese Top League. His usual position is hooker.
In March 2018 it was announced that Marais would join Premiership Rugby side Gloucester for the 2018–19 season.
He will leave Gloucester at the end of 2019–20 season to join Japanese side Red Hurricanes. A side now under leadership of Gloucester's former head coach Johan Ackermann.

Gnawa music (Ar. ڭْناوة or كْناوة) is a body of Moroccan religious songs and rhythms. Emerging in the 16th and 17th centuries, Gnawa music developed through the cultural fusion of West Africans brought to Morocco, notably the Hausa, Fulani, and Bambara peoples, whose presence and heritage are reflected in the songs and rituals. Its well-preserved heritage combines ritual poetry with traditional music and dancing. The music is performed at lila, communal nights of celebration dedicated to prayer and healing guided by the Gnawa maalem, or master musician, and their group of musicians and dancers. Though many of the influences that formed this music can be traced to West African kingdoms, its traditional practice is concentrated in Morocco. Gnawa music has spread to many other countries in Africa and Europe, such as France.
The origins of Gnawa music are intricately associated with that of the famed royal "Black Guard" of Morocco.



This article contains a list of Wikipedia articles about politicians in countries outside Vietnam who are of Vietnamese origin.

The following is a list of a few of the moths of Indonesia. It is estimated that there are approximately 10,000 moth species in Indonesia.

Mato Vodopić (13 December 1816 – 13 March 1893) was a Croatian prelate of the Catholic Church who served as bishop of Dubrovnik from 1882 until he died in 1893 and Apostolic Administrator of Trebinje-Mrkan from 1882 until 1890. He wrote poems for some special occasions and was a storyteller and collector of folk ballads. He remains the only native to serve as the bishop of Dubrovnik since the abolishment of the Republic of Ragusa in 1808.

Munakata Saikaku (宗像 才鶴) was a Japanese female samurai warlord, aristocrat and onna-musha of the Sengoku period. She was the wife of Munakata Ujisada, the last Munakata clan daiguji of Munakata Shrine in Chikuzen province of the Kyushu island. After her husband's death in 1586, she was appointed leader of the Munataka clan by Japan's most powerful man at the time, Toyotomi Hideyoshi. She played a crucial role in the Kyushu campaign, her achievements in battles were noted and she became a female lord.
Toyotomi Hideyoshi, one of the three ''Japan's Great unifier'', sent letters to Munakata Saikaku of the Munakata clan, famed for producing successive generations of "daiguji," the highest-ranking priest of Munakata Taisha shrine. Saikaku was the wife of Ujisada, the last daiguji of the Shinto shrine, which is a part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The letter sent by Hideyoshi, congratulated her on her military achievements during her fight against the Shimazu clan in the Kyushu Campaign. Because of her conquests in battle, Hideyoshi appointed her as the head of the Munakata clan.

Murray (Meir) Roston  (Hebrew: מאיר רוסטון; born 1928) is an Anglo - Israeli Emeritus professor of English Literature at Bar-Ilan University.

Myrtle Beach High School (abbreviated MBHS) is a public school located in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. The school is one of nine high schools within Horry County Schools. The school serves the city of Myrtle Beach. MBHS has over 1,500 students and is home to the Myrtle Beach High School Seahawks.

Ruaau is a Cook Islands electoral division returning one member to the Cook Islands Parliament.
The electorate was created in 1981, when the Constitution Amendment (No. 9) Act 1980–1981 adjusted electorate boundaries and split the electorate of Puaikura into two. It currently consists of the tapere of Pokoinu-i-Raro, Tokerau, Inave, and Arerenga on the island of Rarotonga.

The Swartzell, Rheem and Hensey Company Building is a neo-classical building on 727 15th Street NW, Washington DC. It was designed by architect Paul J. Pelz in 1907 for a local brokerage firm, which neighbored other brokers in this section of 15th Street neighboring the US Treasury. 
In 1948 the building was converted into a movie theater and renamed Playhouse Theater. The theater closed in the early 1980s and an apartment block was built above what had until then been a low-rise building.

Swift Engineering is an American engineering firm that builds autonomous systems, helicopters, submarines, spacecraft, ground vehicles, robotics, and composite parts. The chairman and CEO is Hiro Matsushita, a former racecar driver and grandson of the founder of Panasonic, Konosuke Matsushita.
Swift used to produce racing cars for open-wheel racing series including Formula Ford, Formula Atlantic, the Champ Car World Series and Formula Nippon.
They company has designed and manufactured over 500 race cars.
Swift is certified to AS9100, ISO 14001 and ISO 27000.

The Turkmenistan women's national football team is the representative women's association football team of Turkmenistan. Its governing body is the Football Federation of Turkmenistan (TFF) and it competes as a member of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).
The national team's first activity was in 2019, when they played a friendly game against Kazakhstan. They competed in the 2019 Turkish Women's Cup, finishing in last place. As of June 2022, Turkmenistan is unranked in the FIFA Women's World Rankings.

Janko Tipsarević was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title.
Marcel Granollers won the title after defeating Enrique López Pérez 4–6, 6–2, 6–0 in the final.

The 2019 season was Hougang United's 22nd consecutive season in the top flight of Singapore football and in the S.League. Along with the S.League, the club will also compete in the Singapore Cup.

The XLVII Award of the Premio Ariel (2005) of the Academia Mexicana de Artes y Ciencias Cinematográficas took place on March 29 of 2005 at the Palacio de Bellas Artes. The Premio Ariel for the best movie was awarded to Temporada de patos.

The 4th Marine Division is a reserve division in the United States Marine Corps. It was raised in 1943 for service during World War II, and subsequently fought in the Pacific against the Japanese. Deactivated after the war, the division was re-formed in 1966 and elements of the division deployed during the Gulf War in 1990–1991, as well as during the Iraq War. It is currently the ground combat element of the Marine Forces Reserve and is headquartered in New Orleans, Louisiana, and has units throughout the United States.
The division is tasked to provide trained combat and combat support personnel and units to augment and reinforce the active component in time of war, national emergency, and at other times. It is also tasked to be able to  reconstitute the division, if required.



Beenleigh Blue is a thin-rinded, unpressed soft blue cheese made from pasteurised  ewe's milk  and vegetarian rennet produced by the Ticklemore Cheese Company in Ashprington, Devon, England. The cheese originated in the 1980s with a limited line by Robin and Sari Congdon, and thereafter became available to consumers throughout the year.
Originally made by Robin Congdon in the 1970s who was seen as one of the first pioneers in the 1970s to revive the tradition of milking sheep in the UK,  it is now made by Ben Harris who is in overall charge of the dairy and the main cheesemaker.

Carnaubais is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte in the Northeast region of Brazil. With an area of 517.737 square kilometers (199.899 sq mi), of which 4.1227 square kilometres (1.5918 sq mi) is urban, it is located 187 km from Natal, the state capital, and 1,678 km from Brasília, the federal capital. Its population in the 2022 demographic census was 9,714 inhabitants, according to the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics (IBGE), ranking as the 74th most populous municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte.

Domenech is a rapid transit station in San Juan, Puerto Rico, located in the Hato Rey Central district close to the Milla de Oro financial district. The station is named after the Manuel Domenech Avenue where it is located. The station opened on December 17, 2004. It features a tile mural by the artist Liliana Porter titled El Viajero.

Fagerhaug Church (Norwegian: Fagerhaug kirke) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Oppdal Municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located in the village of Fagerhaug in the northern part of the municipality. It is the church for the Fagerhaug parish which is part of the Gauldal prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Nidaros. The red, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1921. The church seats about 150 people.

Escopette was a Pertuisane-class destroyer built for the French Navy around the beginning of the 20th century.

Ian Reid may refer to:

Ian Reid (Alberta politician) (1931–2016), member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta
Ian Reid (footballer) (born 1951), Scottish footballer (Queen of the South)
Ian Reid (manager) (fl. 1970s), original manager of XTC
Ian Reid (sport shooter), British sports shooter
Ian Reid (Newfoundland and Labrador politician) (born 1952), former member of the Parliament of Canada
Ian Reid (Scottish clergyman), leader of the Iona Community 1967–1974
Ian Reid (poet), co-founder of Friendly Street Poets in Adelaide, 1975
Ian Reid (endocrinologist), 2015 recipient of the Rutherford Medal

An introductory rate (also known as a teaser rate) is an interest rate charged to a customer during the initial stages of a loan. The rate, which can be as low as 0%, is not permanent and after it expires a higher rate will apply.
The purpose of the introductory rate is to market the loan to customers and to seem attractive. They are commonly used for the application of balance transfers, and they may or may not apply to cash advances.
In the United States, the Fair Credit and Charge Card Disclosure Act (FCCCDA) requires that the rate that will occur following the expiration of the introductory rate be clearly disclosed to the customer.

The Japan Radioisotope Association (日本アイソトープ協会) (JRIA) is the oldest and largest professional association related to radioisotope and radiation research in Japan. The JRIA was made into a public utility corporation by the government of Japan. Founded in 1951, the JRIA now has more than 3,500 members.
Based in Tokyo, the JRIA's goal is to disseminate the technologies associated with radioisotope and radiation use and promote their safe handling. Its major activities include academic activities, supplying radioisotopes, labeled compounds and radiopharmaceuticals, and collecting and treating radioactive wastes.
The Nishina Memorial Cyclotron Center of JRIA is operated for cooperative research projects of all institutions in Japan. The Kaya Memorial Takizawa Laboratory of JRIA was established to treat all medical radioactive wastes.

Nwamaka  is a feminine given name of Igbo origin, meaning "the child is beautiful" or "beautiful child".

Our Solar System is an album by the rock group Half Japanese, released in 1984 by Iridescence.
It was reissued by Drag City in 2000.

Ranunculus fascicularis, commonly called early buttercup, is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family (Ranunculaceae). It is native to the eastern North America, where it is found in Canada and the United States. It is generally widespread in eastern North America, although its populations become sporadic in areas east of the Appalachian Mountains and south of New England. Its natural habitat is in dry areas with sparse vegetation, such as rocky or sandy bluffs, prairies, and savannas.
Ranunculus fascicularis is a perennial. It produces yellow flowers in early spring. It can be difficult to distinguish from the similar looking Ranunculus hispidus, which occupies much of the same range. In general, Ranunculus fascicularis has an earlier bloom time than Ranunculus hispidus, and is more typically found in drier habitats. Ranunculus fascicularis can be distinguished morphologically by its pinnately dissected leaves that are longer than wide in outline (as opposed to palmately dissected leaves that are roughly as wide as long), and by the presence of tuberous roots.



Some Time Ago is the 37th album by American jazz vocalist Mark Murphy. It was recorded in 1999 when Murphy was 68 years old and was released by the HighNote Records label in the United States in 2000. The album is a collection of jazz bebop tunes and standards, with Murphy backed by a jazz quintet.

Surya Prasad Dhakal is a Nepalese politician belonging to the CPN (UML) who served as a member of the Pratinidhi Sabha. In the 2022 Nepalese general election, he won the election from Banke 1.

The Purge: Election Year (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the film score to the 2016 film The Purge: Election Year directed by James DeMonaco, which is the third instalment in The Purge franchise and the sequel to The Purge: Anarchy (2014). Nathan Whitehead composed the film score which was released through Back Lot Music on July 1, 2016.

Underclass Hero is the fourth studio album by Canadian rock band Sum 41. It is the first of two albums by the band recorded as a three-piece since the departure of guitarist Dave "Brownsound" Baksh the previous year. It was released on July 24, 2007 by Island Records and distributed worldwide by Aquarius Records, the band's final album on the label. In comparison to the heavy metal-inspired style of their previous album Chuck (2004), Underclass Hero  marked a return to the band’s pop-punk sound.
The album was a commercial success, peaking at number 1 on the Canadian Albums Chart and at number 7 on the US Billboard 200, becoming the band’s highest-charting album to date. It received generally mixed reviews from critics, with some praising its songwriting, lyrics and production, while others found it to be too long, melodramatic, and derivative.

William Skipwith may refer to:

William Skipwith (fl.1348), MP for York (UK Parliament constituency)
William de Skipwith, important 15th century English judge.
William Skipwith (died 1547), represented Lincolnshire in 1529 and 1539
William Skipwith (died 1586), represented Lincolnshire in 1547
William Skipwith (died c.1595), MP for St. Albans
William Skipwith (died 1610), MP for Leicester and Leicestershire

The 2017 New Mexico Lobos football team represented the University of New Mexico as a member of the Mountain Division in the Mountain West Conference (MW) during the 2017 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Led by sixth-year head coach Bob Davie, the Lobos compiled an overall record of 3–9 with a mark of 1–7 in conference play, placing last out of six teams in the MW's Mountain Division. The team played home games at Dreamstyle Stadium in Albuquerque, New Mexico.

The 2018–19 season of the Hoofdklasse was played in four leagues, two Saturday leagues and two Sunday leagues. The champions of each group promoted directly to the 2019–20 Derde Divisie. The 2018–19 Hoofdklasse started on Saturday 1 September 2018.

Central Foundation Boys' School is a voluntary-aided comprehensive secondary school in the London Borough of Islington. It was founded at a meeting in 1865 and opened the following year in Bath Street, before moving to its current location on Cowper Street in 1869. Originally named The Middle Class School of London, it was renamed in 1890 after the establishment of its trust body, the Central Foundation Schools Trust. Its sister school is Central Foundation Girls' School in Tower Hamlets. Both schools are beneficiaries of the charity Central Foundation Schools of London, which in turn is a beneficiary of The Dulwich Estate, successor to the historic College of God's Gift charity.
There are approximately 1137 pupils in the school aged 11–18,  The current Headteacher is Jamie Brownhill who has occupied the post since 2010.
Pupils generally take ten General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) exams in Year Eleven (aged 15–16) and they have a choice of three or four A-levels or a vocational BTEC in the sixth form (16–19). An Office for Standards in Education, Children's Services and Skills (Ofsted) inspection in 2015 and more recently in 2025 graded Central Foundation Boys' School as "outstanding", the highest ranking a school can have.

Dana Lynn Ulery (born January 2, 1938) is an American computer scientist and engineer known for her contributions to aerospace computing, software engineering, and computational mathematics. She was the first female engineer hired at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory(JPL), where she worked on mission software supporting early lunar exploration during the Ranger program. Her career later expanded into research and development in government computing systems, numerical algorithms, and information technologies used in engineering and defense applications. Ulery's work includes research on symbolic and numerical algorithms for partial differential equations and software systems for statistical quality control, and she is widely recognized as an early pioneer for women in computer science and engineering.

Down Here on the Ground is an album by the jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery, released in 1968. It reached number one on the Billboard Jazz album chart and number 4 on the R&B album chart. It also reached number 38 on the Billboard Top LP's.
The title track is Montgomery's version of the theme from the movie Cool Hand Luke, composed by Lalo Schifrin.

Hepatocystis bainae is a species of parasitic alveolates belonging to the phylum Apicomplexa
Species in this genus are parasitic unicellular eukaryotes transmitted by flies of the genus Culicoides and infect mammals.

The Italy national badminton team (Italian: Nazionale Italiana di badminton) represents Italy in international badminton team competitions and is controlled by the Italian Badminton Federation (Italian: Federazione Italiana Badminton). The Italian national team competed in the Sudirman Cup but have never once qualified for the Thomas Cup and the Uber Cup.
The national team competed in the European Men's and Women's Team Badminton Championships and the European Mixed Team Badminton Championships but have never got pass the group stage. The Italian team also competed in the Mediterranean Games and has won a few medals in badminton at the Games.

James Gorsek (born October 12, 1955) is an American former soccer goalkeeper.  He spent seven seasons in the North American Soccer League, seven seasons in the Major Indoor Soccer League and two in the Continental Indoor Soccer League.   He also earned two caps with the U.S. national team in 1985.

LaTeXML is a free public domain software package which converts LaTeX documents to XML, HTML, EPUB, JATS and TEI.

Paisley Rekdal is an American poet and former Poet Laureate of Utah. She is the author of a book of essays, The Night My Mother Met Bruce Lee: Observations on Not Fitting In, the memoir Intimate, and six books of poetry. For her work, she has received numerous fellowships, grants, and awards, including a Guggenheim Fellowship, the 2024 The Kingsley and Kate Tufts Poetry Awards, the Amy Lowell Poetry Traveling Fellowship, a Fulbright Fellowship, a Civitella Ranieri Residency, a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship, Pushcart Prizes in both 2009 and 2013, Narrative's Poetry Prize, the AWP Creative Nonfiction Prize, and several other awards from the state arts council. She has been recognized for her poems and essays in The New York Times Magazine, American Poetry Review, The Kenyon Review, The New Republic, Tin House, the Best American Poetry series, and on National Public Radio, among others. She was a recipient of a 2019 Academy of American Poets' Poets Laureate Fellowship.

Phil Remington (January 22, 1921 – February 9, 2013) was an American motorsports engineer.

Playback is a 1962 British second feature ('B') crime film directed by Quentin Lawrence and starring Margit Saad, Barry Foster and Nigel Green. It was written by Robert Banks Stewart based on a short story by Edgar Wallace, and was part of the Edgar Wallace Mysteries film series.

Romano Amerio (17 January 1905 – 16 January 1997) was a Swiss-Italian theologian and a late critic of post-Conciliar evolutions in liturgy and ecclesiology. His magnum opus is Iota Unum. It is a work dedicated to the study of the ruptures in Church teaching and tradition following the Second Vatican Council.

SS Caserta was an Italian ocean liner named for the city of Caserta in the Campania region of Italy. She was previously known as SS Maritzburg and SS Mendoza, and was later renamed SS Venezuela. Launched in 1904 as Maritzburg for the Bucknall Line, the ship was sold to Lloyd Italiano in 1905 and renamed Mendoza. Renamed Caserta in 1914, she was placed under the Navigazione Generale Italiana banner in 1918. During World War I she was employed as a troopship carrying United States troops to France as part of the United States Navy Cruiser and Transport Force. In 1923, she was renamed Venezuela and transferred to La Veloce for South American service, but reverted to NGI control in 1924. She was scrapped in 1928.

"Singin' the Blues" is a 1920 jazz composition by J. Russel Robinson, Con Conrad, Sam M. Lewis, and Joe Young. It was recorded by the Original Dixieland Jass Band in 1920 as an instrumental and released as a Victor 78 as part of a medley with "Margie". The song was released with lyrics by vocalist Aileen Stanley in 1920 on Victor. In 1927, Frank Trumbauer, Bix Beiderbecke, and Eddie Lang recorded and released the song as an Okeh 78. The Trumbauer recording is considered a jazz and pop standard, greatly contributing to Frank Trumbauer and Bix Beiderbecke's reputation and influence (it remained in print at least until the Second World War). It was one of the first jazz recordings inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame. It is not related to the 1956 pop song "Singing the Blues" first recorded and released by Marty Robbins in 1956.

Son of Gunn!! (subtitled Shelly Manne & His Men Play More Music from Peter Gunn) is an album by Shelly Manne & His Men, the second featuring compositions from Henry Mancini's score from the TV show Peter Gunn, which was recorded in 1959 and released on the Contemporary label.

Susano Oh (Japanese: 凄ノ王, Hepburn: Susano Ō) is a Japanese manga created by Go Nagai. It is loosely based on the Shinto deity Susanoo.
With this manga, Nagai won the Kodansha Manga Award in the shōnen category. The original serialization of Kodansha was suspended in 1981, but the success of the novels written by Yasutaka Nagai, prompted Kadokawa Shoten to request Go to resume his work on Susano Oh. With this, the manga would be published for a period of ten years, from 1979 to 1989. Even so, the manga was left with an open ending for a possible next part.
An RPG video game adaption titled Susano Oh Densetsu (Japanese: 凄ノ王伝説, Hepburn: Susano Ō Densetsu) was released in Japan by Hudson on April 27, 1989, on the PC Engine. A board game based on the series called Dreadful Susano Oh King Go Nagai was released by a company called Epoch.

The Dudes Doin' Business is an album by organist Jimmy McGriff and vocalist Junior Parker featuring performances recorded in 1970 and originally released on the Capitol label. The album was reissued as Good Things Don't Happen Every Day on the Groove Merchant label in 1972.

The Warm Touch is an album by Harry Belafonte, released by RCA Records in 1971.

Veselin Masleša (Serbian Cyrillic: Веселин Маслеша; 20 April 1906 – 14 June 1943) was a Bosnian and Yugoslav writer, activist and Partisan.
Veselin Masleša was born to a Bosnian Serb family in Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina, then occupied by Austria-Hungary, where he finished grade school and gymnasium. He then studied law at the University of Zagreb, economics in Frankfurt and then political economy and sociology in Paris.
His first published work was in the magazine Nova literatura in 1928, and he also published in the magazines Književnik, Stožer, Danas and Naša stvarnost. He wrote two large studies called Mlada Bosna and Svetozar Marković which were published later in 1945.
In 1927 he was arrested for the first time due to his communist ideas. Between 1928 and 1939 he was arrested and released on several occasions, eventually causing him to go underground. When World War II started in Yugoslavia in 1941, he was in Montenegro where he joined the Partisans. Masleša died during the attempted breakout through enemy lines during the Axis Case Black offensive in the summer of 1943.
On December 20, 1951 he was posthumously awarded the title of People's Hero of Yugoslavia. There was a Sarajevo-based publishing house named after him but the name was later changed to Sarajevo Publishing, and the Socialist Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina's scientific achievement award was also named after him.

Aledjo Kadara  is a village in the Assoli Prefecture in the Kara Region  of north-eastern Togo.

Altagonum latilimbus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Carabinae. It was described by Darlington in 1952.

Aphorista morosa is a species of handsome fungus beetle in the family Endomychidae. It is found in North America.

The Aschaffenburg−Höchst (Odenwald) railway was a single-tracked, Bavarian branch line in southern Germany, running  from Aschaffenburg to the Odenwald railway at Höchst im Odenwald. Because the railway ran through the  Bachgau, it was also known as the Bachgaubahn ("Bachgau railway").

Ayeebo Asumda (1924-2002) was a Ghanaian educationist and politician. He served as a minister of state during the first republic. He was the first regional commissioner (regional minister) for the Upper Region. A region that comprised what we know today as the Upper East Region and the Upper West Region. He served as a member of parliament for the Kusasi West electoral district and later the Kusanaba electoral district. He also served as a member of the council of state during the fourth republic.

Juan Carlos Tanpinco Piccio (born July 6, 1981) is a Filipino former swimmer, who specialized in long-distance freestyle and in individual medley events. He won a total of three medals, two silvers and one bronze, at the Southeast Asian Games (1999 and 2001), and later represented the Philippines at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He also holds numerous age group titles, including seven golds from the Philippine National Games, and more than five Filipino records in long-distance freestyle (400 and 1500 m) and in individual medley (400 m) during his sporting career. While residing in the United States, Piccio played for the Davie Nadadores Club in Mission Viejo, California, and later for the Cincinnati Bearcats swimming and diving team at the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati, Ohio, where he became the team's rookie of the year (2002).

Corinne Alison Manogue (born March 3, 1955) is an American physicist who has worked in general relativity, mathematical physics, and physics education. She was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society in 2005, and was an inaugural Fellow of the American Association of Physics Teachers in 2014.
Her early research studied quantum field theory in curved space, including a treatment of rotating frames of reference.  More recently, her work has focused on applications of the octonions to the theory of fundamental particles.
She was a graduate student under Bryce DeWitt at the University of Texas, where she received her Ph.D. in 1984. Her dissertation, titled The Vacuum in the Presence of Electromagnetic Fields and Rotating Boundaries, contained two separate results: a treatment of the gravitational Casimir effect in rotating reference frames, and a discussion of superradiance in both gravitational and electromagnetic contexts. The latter work revealed a physically important sign error in the treatment of the electromagnetic case in standard textbooks.
She is currently a professor of physics at Oregon State University.  In addition to her ongoing work in mathematical physics, she has made significant contributions in physics education.  Since 1997, she has directed the Paradigms in Physics Project, a complete restructuring of the undergraduate physics major around several core "paradigms".  She is also coauthor of a book on the octonions released in 2015.

Delphrine "Del" L. Lee-Collins (born January 19, 1976) is an American former professional football defensive back who played for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL) for four games in the 1999 season. He is the cornerbacks coach for the Grambling State Tigers. He played college football at McNeese State University.

Department for Children, Schools and Families (DCSF) was a department of the UK government, between 2007 and 2010, responsible for issues affecting people in England up to the age of 19, including child protection and education. DCSF was replaced by the Department for Education after the change of government following the 2010 General Election.
The department was led by the Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families.
The expenditure, administration and policy of the department was scrutinised by the Children, Schools and Families Select Committee.

Grimolobium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae. It includes eight species native to South America.
Species in the genus were formerly placed in genus Otholobium, which included both South American and African species. A phylogenetic analysis published in 2024 found that the South American species formed a distinct clade, and the new genus Grimolobium was described to include them. The genus is named in honor of James Grimes, a botanist who did distinguished work on New World species in tribe Psoraleeae.

La Paca is a village in Murcia, Spain. It is part of the municipality of Lorca.
An earthquake in 2005 heavily affected the village.

Lauren Wildbolz (born 17 March 1981), is a Swiss vegan culinary expert, cook, entrepreneur and author of vegan cookbooks. The main topics of her work include veganism, organic and environmentally friendly food as well as animal welfare and the future of nutrition.

In ancient Celtic religion, Maponos or Maponus ("Great Son") is a god of youth known mainly in northern Britain but also in Gaul. In Roman Britain, he was equated with Apollo.
The Welsh mythological figure Mabon ap Modron is apparently derived from Maponos, who by analogy we may suggest was the son of the mother-goddess Dea Matrona. The Irish god Aengus, also known as the Mac Óg ("young son"), is probably related to Maponos.

Nicola Lacorte (born 1 June 2007) is an Italian racing driver who competes in the FIA Formula 3 Championship for DAMS Lucas Oil. He is a former member of the Alpine Academy, and a race-winner in the Italian F4 Championship.
Lacorte is the son of pharmaceutical entrepreneur and amateur sports car racer Roberto Lacorte, the owner of Cetilar Racing.

Pantheon Books is an American book publishing imprint. Founded in 1942 as an independent publishing house in New York City by Kurt and Helen Wolff, it specialized in introducing progressive European works to American readers. In 1961, it was acquired by Random House, and André Schiffrin was hired as executive editor, who continued to publish important works, by both European and American writers, until he was forced to resign in 1990 by Random House owner Samuel Irving Newhouse, Jr. and president Alberto Vitale. Several editors resigned in protest, and multiple Pantheon authors including Studs Terkel, Kurt Vonnegut, and Barbara Ehrenreich held a protest outside Random House. In 1998, Bertelsmann purchased Random House, and the imprint has undergone a number of corporate restructurings since then. It is now part of the Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group under Penguin Random House.
Dan Frank was Editorial Director from 1996 until his death in May 2021. Lisa Lucas joined the imprint from 2020-2024 as Senior Vice President and Publisher.



The Pearl Manuscript (British Library MS Cotton Nero A X/2), also known as the Gawain manuscript, is an illuminated manuscript produced somewhere in northern England in the late 14th century or the beginning of the 15th century.  It is one of the best-known Middle English manuscripts, the only one containing alliterative verse solely, and the oldest surviving English manuscript to have full-page illustrations.  It contains the only surviving copies of four of the masterpieces of medieval English literature: Sir Gawain and the Green Knight, Pearl, Cleanness, and Patience.  It has been described as "one of the greatest manuscript treasures for medieval literature", and "the most famous of all romance manuscripts".



Ralph Ignatius Thomas Alles (3 October 1932 – 28 November 2013) was a Sri Lankan educationalist. He served as the State Secretary for Ministry of Education from 1989 to 1993, was the founding principal of D. S. Senanayake College Colombo 07, and was the founder of the Gateway Group and acted as its chairman until his death.
Alles was educated at St. Aloysius' College, Galle and later at St. Anthony's College.
He started his career as a teacher, eventually becoming an assistant principal at Royal College Colombo in Colombo, a leading public school in Sri Lanka, and helped to establish D. S. Senanayake College, Colombo. In 25 years at the school, he was a Director of Studies at Zahira College, Colombo in Sri Lanka. There after he established the Gateway International School.

Ronin of the Wilderness (荒野の素浪人, Kōya no surōnin) is a Japanese television jidaigeki or period drama that was broadcast between 1972 and 1974. It was inspired by Akira Kurosawa's Sanjuro and the Western genre. The lead star is Toshiro Mifune. The complete DVD box was released in 2007.

That's Life is the seventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Julia Fordham, released in 2004.

Thomas Oliver House is a historic home located at Lockport in Niagara County, New York.  It is a 2+1⁄2-story Queen Anne style brick dwelling built in 1891.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.  It is located in the High and Locust Streets Historic District.

A Man Called Ove (Swedish: En man som heter Ove, pronounced [ɛn ˈmanː sɔm ˈhěːtɛr ˈǔːvɛ]) is the debut novel by Swedish writer Fredrik Backman, published in Swedish by Forum in 2012. The novel was published in English in 2013 and reached the New York Times Best Seller list 18 months after its publication, where it stayed on the list for 42 weeks.
It has been adapted into two films: A Man Called Ove, which premiered in Sweden on 25 December 2015 with Rolf Lassgård in the leading role; and A Man Called Otto, released on 30 December 2022 with Tom Hanks in the leading role.

The Abajo Formation is a geologic formation in the Los Pinos Mountains of central New Mexico. It was deposited about 1660 million years (Ma) ago, corresponding to the Statherian period.

Aeolia (Ancient Greek: Αἰολία, romanized: Aiolía), the island kingdom of Aeolus, the ruler of the winds, visited by Odysseus in Homer's Odyssey. In the Odyssey, Aeolus' Aeolia was a floating island surrounded by "a wall of unbreakable bronze" where the "cliffs run up shear."
Homer does not say anything about where the island was located, but later writers came to associate Aeolia with one or another of the Lipari Islands (also called the Aeolian Islands),  north of eastern Sicily. The Greek geographer Strabo reports that Strongyle (modern Stromboli), one of the Lipari Islands, was said to  be Aeolus' island. Others associated the island of Lipara (modern Lipari) with Aeolia.

Anobrium fasciatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Galileo and Martins in 2002. It is known from Brazil.

Borceguí Island (61°3′S 55°9′W) is an ice-free island in the South Shetland Islands, midway between Cape Yelcho and the Gibbous Rocks, 2 kilometres (1 nmi) off the north coast of Elephant Island. The name was applied by the command of the Argentine sea-going tug Chiriguano in the 1954–55 cruise; in Spanish "borceguí" means half-boot and describes the shape of the island.

Charles Francis Dowell (27 January 1888 - 10 December 1972) was an Australian rules footballer for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Dowell began his VFL career for Fitzroy in 1911. He played his final VFL match in 1912 having played 8 matches.

Willie Brown is an American politician who served as the mayor of San Francisco from 1996 to 2004. Brown also served in the California State Assembly from 1965 to 1995. During his tenure in the Assembly, Brown served as Speaker of the Assembly from 1980 to 1995, which is the longest tenure as Speaker. He was the first African American to serve in the position of both the mayor of San Francisco and Speaker of the California State Assembly. Brown retired from politics after the end of his mayoral term in 2004.

"Immobile" is the debut single by Italian singer Alessandra Amoroso. The song premiered during the singer's partecipation to the television talent show Amici di Maria De Filippi and was featured on the show's compilation album Scialla in January 2009. It was later included in Amoroso's debut extended play Stupida.
"Immobile" is one of the most commercially successful singles released by a contestant of the television show Amici. It reached number one in the national singles charts and was certified platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry for selling over 30,000 units.

Kiekrz [kʲɛkʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Kiekrz village lies just north of Poznań's present city boundary. Adjacent to it within the city (in Jeżyce district) is a neighbourhood also called Kiekrz (and with a railway station, Poznań Kiekrz), lying on the northern shore of Poznań's largest lake, Jezioro Kierskie (Kiekrz Lake). This lake is extensively used for sailing. The lake, the neighbourhood of Kiekrz within Poznań, and the neighbourhood of Wielkie to the west of it, were brought within the city boundaries in 1987.

Leonie Hanne (born 31 July 1988) is a German fashion influencer, blogger, model, and social media entrepreneur.

Phyllis Byam Shand Allfrey (24 October 1908 – 4 February 1986) was a West Indian writer, socialist activist, newspaper editor and politician of the island of Dominica in the Caribbean. She is best known for her first novel, The Orchid House (1953), based on her early life. In 1991, it was adapted into a Channel 4 television miniseries of the same name in the United Kingdom, directed by Horace Ové.

George Bostic "Possum" Whitted (February 4, 1890 – October 16, 1962) was an American professional baseball outfielder and third baseman. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1912 to 1922 for the St. Louis Cardinals, Boston Braves, Philadelphia Phillies, Pittsburgh Pirates, and Brooklyn Robins.

Prime Minister's Children (Hebrew: ילדי ראש הממשלה; Yaldei Rosh HaMemshala) was an Israeli political drama television series aired from 2011 to 2012. It tells the story of the fictional Prime Minister Saul Agmon, and the impact of his highly position on his family, especially his children.
Eighteen episodes, divided into two seasons, were produced as a whole. The series was first shown in Israel in the summer of 2011. The show follows a fictional prime minister, Shaul Agmon, in his first year in office, along with his wife Diti and children Libi and Golan. Agmon's appointment changes all their lives drastically, making them feel as if they live in their own private prison. Along side this struggle, the series presents the maturing of two women, the prime minister's wife and his eldest daughter.

The Sacred Heart Cathedral (Latvian: Rēzeknes Vissvētākās Jēzus Sirds Romas katoļu katedrāle), the cathedral of the Diocese of Rezekne-Aglona, is located in Rēzekne, Latvia.

The Sandy Neck Bomb Target Range was a former naval bomb range for fleet arm naval aviators, and  located on Sandy Neck, in Barnstable, Massachusetts.

Title 25 is the portion of the Code of Federal Regulations that governs Government-to-Government relations with Native American tribes within the United States.  It is available in digital or printed form.

Triptych is an album by Welsh–Australian band Shooting at Unarmed Men. Their third release, the album consists of three CDs. It was released in Australia on 11 August 2007 and set for a worldwide release on 31 March 2008.

Umbelliferone, also known as 7-hydroxycoumarin, hydrangine, skimmetine, and beta-umbelliferone, is a natural product of the coumarin family.
It absorbs ultraviolet light strongly at several wavelengths. There are some indications that this chemical is antimutagenic, it is used in sunscreens. Umbelliferone has been reported to have antioxidant properties.
It is a yellowish-white crystalline solid that has a slight solubility in hot water, but high solubility in ethanol.

Wigwag is a nickname for a type of railroad grade crossing signal once common in North America, referring to its pendulum-like motion that signaled a train's approach. The device is generally credited to Albert Hunt, a mechanical engineer at Southern California's Pacific Electric (PERy) interurban streetcar railroad, who invented it in 1909 for safer railroad grade crossings. The term should not be confused with its usage in Britain, where "wigwag" generally refers to alternate flashing lights, such as those found at modern level crossings.

Governorate or provincial elections were held in Iraq on 31 January 2009, to replace the local councils in fourteen of the eighteen governorates of Iraq that were elected in the 2005 Iraqi governorate elections. 14,431 candidates, including 3,912 women, contested 440 seats. The candidates came from over 400 parties, 75% of which were newly formed.

The 2009–10 Liga IV season was the 82nd season of Liga IV, the fourth tier of the Romanian football league system. The champions of each county association played against those from neighboring counties in a playoff held at neutral venues for promotion to the 2010–11 Liga III.



The 278th Armored Cavalry Regiment (278th ACR, "Third Tennessee"), previously the 117th Infantry Regiment, is an armored brigade combat team of the Tennessee Army National Guard with headquarters in Knoxville, Tennessee. It is the only National Guard Armored Cavalry Regiment and one of only two in the entire US Army order of battle, the other being the active duty 11th ACR. The unit traces its lineage from the volunteer militias of Eastern Tennessee and has participated in conflicts from the Revolutionary War to the Iraq War (2004-05 and 2009-10). In May 2025, the Pentagon announced that the 278th Armored Cavalry Regiment will convert to a Mobile Brigade Combat Team.

Sir Alfred Dyer  (9 February 1865 – 15 November 1947) was a British journalist, chief executive, and Conservative Party politician. In the course of his long career, he held a great number of offices in the Hastings borough.

Artus de Penguern (13 March 1957 – 14 May 2013) was a French director, writer and actor of Breton descent.

Dentonia is a former town in Jewell County, Kansas, United States.

Il Hesar (Persian: ايل حصار) is a village in Now Bahar Rural District of the Central District in Golbahar County, Razavi Khorasan province, Iran.

Kingseat is a rural community between Karaka and Waiuku located on the Manukau Harbour in Auckland, New Zealand.

Montpelier is a small suburb, located a little way north of Ealing Broadway in west London.
Nearby places include Ealing Broadway, Pitshanger, West Ealing, and Hanwell.
The route of the Ealing Half Marathon passes through Montpelier.

Muhazi is a town and sector in Rwamagana District, Eastern Province in Rwanda, with an area of 57.6 square kilometers.

Naka-Yamaga Station (中山香駅, Naka-Yamaga-eki) is a passenger railway station located in the city of Kitsuki, Ōita Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Kyushu.

One-stop career centers (or one-stop centers) are public employment offices in the United States. They are workforce information and education offices set up by Workforce Investment Boards as directed by the Workforce Investment Act of 1998. The Workforce Investment Act was repealed and replaced by the 2014 Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act with an annual budget of $3.3 billion.
One-stop career centers are implemented in all US States under a variety of different local names. CareerOneStop is sponsored by the U.S. Department of Labor Employment and Training Administration and produced by the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development. CareerOneStop is a partner of the American Job Center network.

Paul Martin Scarr (born 20 August 1969) is an Australian politician and lawyer who was elected as a Senator for Queensland at the 2019 federal election. He is a member of the Liberal National Party of Queensland and sits with the Liberal Party in federal parliament.

Sheldon Turcott (1936 – February 18, 2000) was a Canadian television journalist and news anchor, best known as a reporter and host on CBC Television for four decades. He was a frequent contributor to The National, working at times as a newsreader, foreign correspondent, and executive producer of the program.
From 1985 until his retirement in 1995 he was the regular newsreader on CBC's Midday program. For a brief period prior to that, Turcott commuted to Regina each week to anchor CBKT's 6pm newscast, an effort to boost the station's nearly non-existent ratings.
He was also host of the quiz series TimeChase, and appeared in the feature film Murder at 1600.

Sir Christopher John Ashford Harris, 3rd Baronet (26 August 1934 – 26 April 2022) was a New Zealand businessman, and the third baronet of the Harris Baronetcy of Bethnal Green, County of London, which was created for his grandfather, Percy Harris, in 1932.

Stanley v. Georgia, 394 U.S. 557 (1969), is a landmark decision of the United States Supreme Court that helped to establish an implied "right to privacy" in U.S. law in the form of mere possession of obscene materials.
The home of Robert Eli Stanley, a suspected bookmaker, was searched by police with a federal warrant to seize betting paraphernalia. They found none, but instead seized three reels of pornographic material from a desk drawer in an upstairs bedroom, and later charged Stanley with the possession of obscene materials, a crime under Georgia law. The conviction was upheld by the Supreme Court of Georgia.
In the Supreme Court of the United States, Justice Thurgood Marshall wrote the unanimous opinion that overturned the earlier decision and invalidated all state laws that forbade the private possession of materials judged obscene on the grounds of the First and Fourteenth amendments to the United States Constitution. Justices Potter Stewart, William J. Brennan, and Byron White contributed a joint concurring opinion with a separate opinion having to do with the Fourth Amendment search and seizure provision. Justice Hugo Black also concurred expressing the view that all obscenity laws were unconstitutional.
The case also established an implied right to pornography, but not an absolute right, since in Osborne v. Ohio (1990), the Supreme Court upheld a law which criminalized the possession of child pornography.

The Sunbathers, originally titled “Sunbathing Group” is a sculpture by Hungarian artist Peter Laszlo Peri, made for the Festival of Britain in 1951. After the Festival closed, the sculpture disappeared and it was presumed to be lost. After being rediscovered in 2016, the restored sculpture was initially put on display in the Royal Festival Hall on the South Bank, before being put on display in London Waterloo, a major railway terminus in 2020.

Toronto Titans were one of the two new teams for the professional International Swimming League 2020 season, announced in December 2019, taking the total number of teams in the league to ten. Toronto Titans were based in Toronto, Ontario and trained out of the Toronto Pan Am Sports Centre in Scarborough.

A Wheatfield with Cypresses is any of three similar 1889 oil paintings by Vincent van Gogh, as part of his wheat field series.  All were exhibited at the Saint-Paul-de-Mausole mental asylum at Saint-Rémy near Arles, France, where Van Gogh was voluntarily a patient from May 1889 to May 1890.  The works were inspired by the view from the window at the asylum towards the Alpilles mountains.

Zakimi Ueekata Seishū (座喜味 親方 盛秀; 11 November 1699 – 9 March 1766), also known by his Chinese style name Mō Kyōken (毛 恭倹), was a politician and bureaucrat of the Ryukyu Kingdom.
He was the fourth head of an aristocrat family called Mō-uji Zakimi Dunchi (毛氏座喜味殿内).
In 1737, a Yaeyama-based vessel was shipwrecked off the coast of Hizen Province, and the crew were rescued by Saga Domain. Zakimi Seishū was dispatched as a gratitude envoy to Japan in 1737.
Zakimi served as a member of Sanshikan from 1750 to 1752.

Guy den Ouden was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title.
Zdeněk Kolář won the title after defeating Murkel Dellien 6–2, 6–2 in the final.

Bioasphalt is an asphalt alternative made from non-petroleum based renewable resources.
These sources include sugar, molasses and rice, corn and potato starches, natural tree and gum resins, natural latex rubber and vegetable oils, lignin, cellulose, palm oil waste, coconut waste, peanut oil waste, canola oil waste, dried sewerage effluent and so on. Bitumen can also be made from waste vacuum tower bottoms produced in the process of cleaning used motor oils, which are normally burned or dumped into land fills.
Non-petroleum based bitumen binders can be colored, which can reduce the temperatures of road surfaces and reduce the Urban heat islands.



Brusino may refer to:

Brusino Arsizio, municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland
Brusino, Bulgaria, village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad, in Haskovo Province, in southern Bulgaria
Brusino, frazione of Cavedine in Trentino in Italy

Frankenstein Created Woman is a 1967 British Hammer horror film directed by Terence Fisher and starring Peter Cushing and Susan Denberg. The screenplay was written by Anthony Hinds (as John Elder). It is the fourth film in Hammer's Frankenstein series.



Gaston Louis Brébion (20 March 1887 – 21 September 1970) was a French footballer who played as a forward for Étoile des Deux Lacs and the France national team between 1906 and 1910.

Germain Marie Bernard Nouveau (French pronunciation: [ʒɛʁmɛ̃ maʁi bɛʁnaʁ nuvo]; 1851–1920) was a French poet associated with the symbolist movement.

Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami Bangladesh (transl. Jihad movement of Islam of Bangladesh) is the Bangladeshi branch of the Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami (HuJI). It is banned in Bangladesh and is a Proscribed Organisation in the United Kingdom under the Terrorism Act 2000. 
HuJI also played an instrumental role in the founding of the Indian Mujahideen and had been involved with its earlier incarnation, Asif Reza Commando Force.

Harper is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP), located 23 miles (37 km) west of Fredericksburg on U.S. Highway 290, in Gillespie County, in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 1,332 at the 2020 census.

Juan Ramón Zapata (born 18 June 1974 in Moncada) is a Spanish racing driver. He has competed in such series as Euroseries 3000 and the Spanish Formula Three Championship.

Kate Daudy (born 1970) is a British visual artist based in London whose interdisciplinary work focuses on the human experience in the context of the natural world. Her wide-ranging practice appears in the form of installations, mixed media, film, NFTs, participatory performance, sculpture, and writing.
Daudy is recognized globally for her career, resulting in her inclusion in The Standard's London's Most Influential People in 2019. In 2022, Louis Vuitton nominated Daudy as one of 200 ‘visionaries’ in a global campaign. Her work has also been featured in The Times News in Pictures, and Vogue India.

Miloš Bubela (born 25 August 1992) is a Slovak ice hockey player who currently plays for HK Dukla Trenčín of the Slovak Extraliga.

Milsko [ˈmilskɔ] (German: Milzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabór, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. Its former name was "Milzig" and was part of Landkreis Grünberg in Regierungsbezirk Liegnitz of Province of Silesia and in Province of Lower Silesia in Germany before 1945. In year 1002, a settlement in the Kingdom of Poland under Boleslaus the Brave (pl. Chrobry), uknowledged by Henry II in Merseburg.

Montviette (French pronunciation: [mɔ̃vjɛt] ) is a former commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Saint-Pierre-en-Auge.

Parathesis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Primulaceae. There are about 95 species distributed from Mexico to South America and the Caribbean. Plants of this genus can be distinguished by glandular papillae on the lobes of the flower corolla and bright yellow anthers.

Parthiban s/o Karuppiah (Tamil: கே. பார்திபன்) is a Malaysian politician of Indian (specifically Tamil) descent, or known as K. Parthiban. He is a member of the Malaysian Indian Congress (MIC), a component party of the ruling Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition, and has been the party's Tanjung Karang division secretary since 2002. In 2003, he was appointed as a special officer to the former Tanjung Karang MP, Datuk Noh Omar.

Roland Sylvester Peelman,  is a Belgian conductor and musical director.
Peelman was born in a small village near Ghent, Belgium. He studied in Ghent at the conservatorium and Ghent University, and then in Cologne, Germany.
Peelman first visited Australia with his wife in 1982. They returned not long after with their two children, officially emigrating in 1984. When he first moved, he lived in the South Australia City of Mount Gambier where he was appointed as musical director of the Mount Gambier City Band. Since this time, Peelman has worked with Australian organisations including Opera Australia, the Australian Chamber Orchestra, Opera Queensland, and vocal a cappella group The Song Company, of which he was artistic director between 1990 and 2015.
Peelman is known to be a strong advocate for new Australian music, and in 2015 was appointed artistic director of the Canberra International Music Festival.
Peelman was appointed an honorary Member of the Order of Australia in the 2020 Australia Day Honours for "significant service to music."

Roy Hamilton (born May 14, 1973) is an American neurologist, professor in the departments of Neurology, Psychiatry, and Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at University of Pennsylvania (Penn). He is the Director of Penn's Laboratory for Cognition and Neural Stimulation (LCNS), and launched the Brain Stimulation, Translation, Innovation, and Modulation Center (brainSTIM) at the University of Pennsylvania in 2020. He currently serves as the Chair-Elect of the Faculty Senate of the University of Pennsylvania.

Sture Nordin (11 November 1933 – 11 October 2000) was a leading Swedish jazz bassist.
After playing with Lars Gullin's orchestra, he joined Putte Wickman's sextet in 1955 before going on to join a trio with Rune Ofverman and Egil Johansen. Admitted to the Royal Swedish Academy of Music, together with Lasse Petterson and Georg Riedel, Nordin was expelled when it was found out that he was playing jazz.
He accompanied several visiting musicians on their visits to Sweden, including Sonny Boy Williamson II (Rice Miller), Josh White, Ben Webster, Dexter Gordon, Clark Terry, Johnny Griffin, Benny Bailey, Gábor Szabó and Dick Morrissey, as well as playing regularly with other leading Swedish jazz musicians, such as Jan Johansson, Rolf Ericson, Jan Allan, and Arne Domnérus.

Willie Walsh may refer to:

Willie Walsh (bishop) (1935–2025), Irish Roman Catholic prelate, Bishop of Killaloe
Willie Walsh (businessman) (born 1961), Irish businessman and director general of the International Air Transport Association (IATA)
Willie Walsh (hurler, born 1888) (1888–1964), Irish hurler with Sarsfields and Cork
Willie Walsh (hurler, born 1938), Irish hurler with St Finbarr's and Cork
Willie Walsh (hurler, born 1948), Irish hurler with Youghal and Cork

Šimkaičiai (Samogitian: Šėmkātē, Polish: Szymkajcie) is a town in Jurbarkas district municipality, Taurage County, Lithuania. According to the 2001 census, the town had a population of 265 people. At the 2011 census, the population was 204.
Before World War II the town had a Jewish population. In July, 1941, they were murdered by the Einsatzgruppen and their Lithuanian collaborators.

Ahmedabad (Urdu: احمد آباد), is a village in the Hunza valley of the Gilgit Baltistan province of Pakistan with a population of approximately 1500. Old Name of Ahmedabad is "Thani Das"

Air Pocket may refer to:

Air pocket, a local difference in air pressure in the atmosphere, potentially causing vertical draft
Air Pocket (album), a 1980 album by Roger Powell
Air Pocket (band), a jazz fusion band founded by the Fowler brothers
Focal lung pneumatosis

Alessandro, Principe Ruspoli (December 3, 1708 – June 20, 1779) was the 2nd Principe di Cerveteri, 2nd Marchese di Riano and 7th Conte di Vignanello. He was the son of Francesco Maria Marescotti Ruspoli, 1st Prince of Cerveteri and his wife Isabella Cesi dei Duchi di Acquasparta, maternal niece of Pope Innocent XIII. His brother was Bartolomeo Ruspoli.

Avery Hayes (born October 10, 2002) is an American professional ice hockey player who is a right winger for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Bill Taylor was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1995 to 2000.  His district consisted of a portion of Lorain County, Ohio.  He was elected in the 1994 election with a margin of only 12 votes. He was succeeded by J. Tom Lendrum.

The Eastern Sea Frontier (EASTSEAFRON) was a United States Navy operational command during World War II, that was responsible for the Sea Frontier along coastal waters from Canada to Jacksonville, Florida, extending out for a nominal distance of two hundred miles. The Commander was designated Commander, Eastern Sea Frontier (COMEASTSEAFRON). COMEASTSEAFRON had vessels for convoy use or other uses determined by the commander. In addition to providing escorts for convoys within its frontier, the frontier was responsible for sea-air rescue, harbor defense, shipping lane patrol, minesweeping, and air operations.

Garcinia kola (bitter kola, a name sometimes also used for G. afzelii) is a species of flowering plant belonging to the Mangosteen genus Garcinia of the family Clusiaceae (a.k.a. Guttiferae). It is found in Benin, Cameroon, The Gambia, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Guinea, Mali, Gabon, Ghana, Liberia, Nigeria, Senegal and Sierra Leone. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.

The fruit, seeds ("bitter kola nuts") and bark of the plant have been used for centuries in folk medicine to treat ailments from coughs to fever. According to a report from the Center For International Forestry Research, Garcinia kola trade is still important to the indigenous communities and villages in Nigeria.
Cola acuminata, source of the true kola nut, is not related to Garcinia kola belonging not to Clusiaceae but to a subfamily of the mallow family Malvaceae.

Augustus "Gus" John Ferdinand Risman (21 March 1911 – 17 October 1994) was a Welsh professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1920s through to the 1950s, and coached in the 1940s through to the 1970s.
A devastating three-quarter who also played at fullback, and stand-off, Risman was born in Cardiff, brought up in Barry where he went to Barry County School, and played rugby union in South Wales as a schoolboy before being offered a trial by Salford.
He made his début for Salford on 31 August 1929 and went on to enjoy great success with the club. He won 17 caps for Great Britain and finished his career at Workington Town, remarkably leading them to Rugby League Challenge Cup glory as player-coach at the age of 41 in 1952. He retired as a player in 1954 after a career spanning 25 years. Risman captained the 1946 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia's "Indomitable"s side.
Risman later coached Whitehaven, Oldham and Bradford Northern, and was inducted into the Rugby League Hall of Fame in 1988. Gus Risman's son, Bev Risman also became an accomplished rugby league footballer. As a tribute, one of the newly created streets in Workington's regenerated town centre is named Risman Place.

Johannes Franciscus "Hans" van Breukelen (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɦɑns fɑm ˈbrøːkələ(n)]; born 4 October 1956) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He was the technical director of the Royal Dutch Football Association (KNVB) from 2017 until 2018.
Van Breukelen grew up in De Bilt, where he played in the BVC youth academy. In 1976, he moved to FC Utrecht, where he played 142 matches. After two years with Nottingham Forest, Van Breukelen moved to PSV Eindhoven in 1984. With PSV, he won six league titles and three domestic cups. In 1988, Van Breukelen also won the European Cup as part of the Treble after saving Benfica's sixth penalty in the shoot-out. In the Netherlands, he was named Goalkeeper of the Year four times.
Van Breukelen played 73 caps for the Netherlands national team. At UEFA Euro 1988 with The Netherlands; Van Breukelen stopped a penalty in the final. He also appeared at the 1990 World Cup and UEFA Euro 1992. After his career, he became an entrepreneur in different non-football business ventures, although he served as director of football at FC Utrecht and was a member of the PSV board of directors from 2010 to 2016.
Hans van Breukelen is one of five European players to ever win a Treble with their club and a cup with their national team in the same year. The other four players are his teammates Berry van Aerle, Ronald Koeman, Gerald Vanenburg and Wim Kieft.

Hibbertia leptopus is a species of flowering plant in the family Dilleniaceae and is endemic to Western Australia. It is an erect shrub with linear leaves and yellow flowers, usually with eleven stamens arranged around the three carpels.

Ifako-Ijaiye is a city and local government area in Lagos, Nigeria. It has a land area of 43 square kilometers (17 sq mi) and had a population of 427,878 people in 2006.

Mauritius competed at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics from August 27 to September 4 in Daegu, South Korea.
A team of 2 athletes was
announced to represent the country
in the event.

"Murder Is Corny" is a Nero Wolfe mystery novella by Rex Stout, first published in April 1964 in the short-story collection Trio for Blunt Instruments (Viking Press). It was the last Nero Wolfe novella to be written, and the last published in Stout's lifetime.

Na Chueak (Thai: นาเชือก, pronounced [nāː tɕʰɯ̂ak]; Northeastern Thai: นาเซียก, pronounced [nâː sȉak]) is a district (amphoe) in the south of Maha Sarakham province, northeastern Thailand.

Nyokabi Macharia is a Kenyan actress, director and producer. She is known for her work across theatre, film and television, with leading roles in productions such as Country Queen, County 49 and the award-winning film Chaguo. In 2022, she won the Kalasha Award for Best Lead Actress in a Film for her performance in Chaguo.
Macharia is considered part of a new generation of Kenyan performers contributing to the international visibility of the country’s film and television industry, particularly through productions distributed on global streaming platforms.

Stephen Sucic (April 21, 1921 – June 29, 2001) was an American football player and coach.

Thomas Herbert (15 May 1597 – 1642?) was a Welsh seaman and writer.

Wygoda Łączyńska [vɨˈɡɔda wɔnˈt͡ʂɨɲska] (Kashubian: Łątczińskô Wigòda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
For details of the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.

Álvaro Jordan (8 January 1962 in Cali, Colombia – January 11, 2001) was a male tennis player from Colombia.
Jordan represented his native country in the doubles competition at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, partnering Luis Arturo González. The pair was eliminated in the first round there, withdrawing prior to playing.
Jordan played in 15 Davis Cup ties for Colombia from 1984 to 1992, posting a 20–10 record in singles and a 6–7 record in doubles.
Jordan's highest ranking in singles was world No. 226, which he reached in July 1992. His highest doubles ranking was World No. 181, which he reached in May 1987.
Jordan died in Cali in 2001.

Super League XXIII, known as the Betfred Super League XXIII for sponsor reasons, was the 23rd season of the Super League and 124th season of rugby league in Britain for 2018. 
Wigan Warriors were crowned champions after beating Warrington Wolves 12-4 to win their 22nd league Championship.	
Twelve teams competed over 23 rounds, including the Magic Weekend. 
This season also saw the first Super League game played outside Europe, as Wigan Warriors faced Hull F.C. at WIN Stadium in Wollongong, Australia on Saturday 10 February 2018, which Wigan won, 24–10.
St. Helens won the League Leaders Shield for a record 6th time. However, they failed to reach the Grand Final after losing their semi final 13-18 to Warrington Wolves.
Widnes Vikings were relegated to the Championship, after only 3 wins in the regular season and one win in The Qualifiers, while London Broncos were promoted after winning the Million Pound Game by beating Toronto Wolfpack 4–2.

Abū Muḥammad al-Ḥasan ibn Aḥmad ibn Yaʿqūb al-Hamdānī (Arabic: أبو محمد الحسن بن أحمد بن يعقوب الهمداني, 279/280-333/334 A.H.;  c. 893 – 947;) was an Arab Muslim geographer, chemist, poet, grammarian, historian, and astronomer, from the tribe of Banu Hamdan, western 'Amran, Yemen. He was one of the best representatives of Islamic culture during the last period of the Abbasid Caliphate. His work was the subject of extensive 19th-century Austrian scholarship.

Aleksandr Popov (Russian: Александр Попов; born 17 November 1959) is a Soviet and Russian weightlifter who competed in the 1980s and 1990s. He won several World and European medals.
In 1988, Popov set the clean and jerk world record of 242.5 kg in the 100 kg weight class. That same year, he took part in the Seoul Olympics, but had to compete in the heavier (110 kg) category and finished fifth.

Archibald Cecil Chappelow (3 August 1886 – 25 September 1976) was a British decorator, upholsterer, illustrator, and lecturer, and later in life a fine art consultant. Chappelow received praise for his illustration of the well-received 1921 book Homes of the Past, by William Henry Helm. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts in 1937, and published The Old Home in England AD 1100-1830 in 1953.

Butterfly Soup 2 is a visual novel developed by Brianna Lei and published in October 2022 for Windows, macOS, and Linux. It is the sequel to the 2017 Butterfly Soup, and begins shortly after the conclusion of the first game. It has the player follow the perspectives of four LGBT Asian-American girls in Fremont, California, alternating between their first year of high school in 2009 and when they were young children. The coming-of-age story centers on the romance between Akarsha and her friend Noelle, their struggles with their parents' expectations and influence, and their experiences as second-generation immigrants.
Lei developed the game over the five years after the original, beginning with plotlines and elements that she had cut from the first game. She wanted to focus on a less straightforward relationship than in Butterfly Soup, as well as relate the characters to her personal experience as an LGBT, second-generation Asian-American. Critics praised the game's story and writing, especially for its exploration of its themes and nuanced characterization. It was nominated for the Excellence in Narrative award at the 2023 Independent Games Festival, and for the "Best LGBTQ Indie Game" of 2022 by Gayming Magazine.

The CONCACAF Champions Cup, formerly known as CONCACAF Champions League (2008–2023), is an international association football competition organized by CONCACAF as its top continental tournament for clubs from North America, Central America, and the Caribbean. The champions automatically qualify for the FIFA Club World Cup and the FIFA Intercontinental Cup.
The tournament currently uses a knockout format; it had a group stage prior to the 2018 edition. Unlike Europe's UEFA Champions League and South America's Copa Libertadores, the winner of the CONCACAF Champions Cup does not automatically qualify for the following edition of the tournament.
30 clubs have won the competition at least once, with 14 of them having won the title more than once. Mexican clubs have won the title 40 times, the most of any nation in the confederation. The second most successful nation is Costa Rica, with six titles in total, followed by clubs from the United States and El Salvador with three for each country. Club América and Cruz Azul are the most successful club in the competition, winning seven titles each. The most successful non-Mexican club is Deportivo Saprissa of Costa Rica, which has won three titles. The only four teams to successfully defend the title are all Mexican: América, Cruz Azul, Pachuca and Monterrey.
The current champions of the competition are Cruz Azul, who defeated Vancouver Whitecaps FC in the 2025 final.

Cerithiella austrina is a species of very small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Newtoniellidae. It was described by Hedley in 1911.

This uniform polyhedron compound is a chiral symmetric arrangement of 6 pentagrammic prisms, aligned with the axes of fivefold rotational symmetry of a dodecahedron.

Earl Randall Parker (November 22, 1912 — May 9, 1998) was an American engineer and professor. Parker began his metallurgy career in the mid 1930s as a researcher for the General Electric Research Laboratory. In the mid 1940s, Parker began teaching metallurgy at the University of California, Berkeley and remained in his teaching position until 1978. While at Berkeley, Parker was chair of the material sciences department and director of engineering research between the 1950s and 1960s. For awards, Parker received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1960 and was named a National Medal of Science recipient in 1979.

Gasoline (Italian: Benzina) is a 2001 Italian crime film directed by Monica Stambrini. It is based on a novel by Elena Stancanelli.

The  Kakrak Valley (Dari: درهٔ ککرک) is a residential area in Afghanistan, located in the Jaghatu district of Ghazni province.

"Lucky Star" is a song by American singer Madonna from her 1983 self-titled debut album. Written by Madonna and produced by Reggie Lucas, the track was originally intended for DJ Mark Kamins, a friend of the singer and resident at the New York nightclub Danceteria. After the success of her first single, "Everybody" (1982), Sire Records approved the recording of a full album. Tensions between Madonna and Lucas over the production style led to his departure from the project; she then enlisted her boyfriend at the time, John "Jellybean" Benitez, to remix and complete several tracks, including "Lucky Star".
Musically, the song is a medium-paced dance track with disco influences. Its lyrics use double entendre to compare a lover's body to stars in the sky, with a simple refrain that echoes the nursery rhyme "Star Light, Star Bright". It was first released as a double-A-side with "Holiday" in August 1983, and later as a stand-alone single: in Europe in September 9, 1983, and in the United States on August 8, 1984. The single reached number four on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Madonna's first top-five hit. Critics praised its optimistic energy and catchy sound; retrospective reviews have referred to it as one of the standout singles of her early career.
The song's music video, directed by Arthur Pierson, features Madonna dancing in a white studio space with her brother Christopher Ciccone and friend Erika Belle. Scholars and critics noted the video’s self-referential tone, describing Madonna as both subject and object, projecting herself as the titular "lucky star". The visual also helped cement her image and style, popularizing her layered accessories, lace gloves, and crucifixes among young audiences. Madonna has performed "Lucky Star" in four of her concert tours, the last being 2015–2016's Rebel Heart Tour. It has been referenced in films and TV shows, including Pulp Fiction and Modern Family, and covered or sampled by artists such as Chris Colfer, Carly Rae Jepsen, and Eva Noblezada.

The discography of Mallu Magalhães, a Brazilian Folk singer, consists of two studio albums, one live albums, five singles as a lead artist, one collaborations with Marcelo Camelo and one video albums.
In 2008 she released her first eponymous album and in 2009 she released her second album, also self-titled.
She already has five singles released, and the most famous is Tchubaruba.

Michael Hawkins (born 18 September 1951) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Geelong Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).  
Hawkins is the brother of Jack and Robb Hawkins and the uncle of current Geelong player Tom Hawkins. Originally from Finley, New South Wales, he played two games for Geelong in 1973.
Hawkins won the 1977 O'Dwyer Medal in the Murray Football League.

Milewo-Malonki [miˈlɛvɔ maˈlɔŋki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.

Nataliya Galkina (born 11 August 1973) is a Kazakhstani water polo player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Timothy Lyons (1935 – 10 July 1984) was an Irish Gaelic footballer. He played at club level with Cordal and Castleislands Desmonds and at inter-county level with the Kerry senior football team.

UAAP Season 70 was the 2007-08 season of the University Athletic Association of the Philippines, which was hosted by the University of Santo Tomas. The theme of season 70 was "Winners All, Recreating the Value of Honesty through Sports" It opened on July 7, 2007 at the Araneta Coliseum. De La Salle University returned to active participation after being suspended in Season 69.

Vivek Singh may refer to:

Vivek Singh (cricketer) (born 1993), Indian cricketer
Vivek Singh (field hockey) (1967–2007), Indian Olympic hockey player
Vivek Singh (sport shooter), Indian sports shooter
Vivek Singh (chef) (born 1971), London-based Indian chef

The Grzeszczyk SG-3 was a Polish single-seat, high performance sailplane first flown in 1933. Between 1934 and 1937 it was Poland's most successful competitor and record setter; about twenty-five were completed.

Anson David Shupe, Jr. (21 January 1948 – 4 May 2015) was an American sociologist and author noted for his studies of religious groups and their countermovements, family violence, and clergy misconduct.



Australian cyclists have ridden in the Tour de France since 1914. In the 1980s, Phil Anderson became the first Australian cyclist to win a stage and wear the yellow jersey. Cadel Evans has been the only Australian cyclist to win the yellow jersey by winning the 2011 Tour de France.

Black Rock is a seaside village on the island of Tobago.

Concordia Parish School Board is a school district headquartered in Concordia Parish, Louisiana, United States.
The district serves residents of Concordia Parish, i.e. Vidalia, Ferriday, Ridgecrest, and Monterey.

Doug Sahm and Band is the debut solo album of American singer-songwriter Doug Sahm. In 1972, after leaving the Sir Douglas Quintet, Sahm moved to Austin, Texas. He was signed by Jerry Wexler to the newly opened country music division of Atlantic Records, and started the album sessions by October 1972. It featured appearances by Bob Dylan, Dr. John, David "Fathead" Newman, Flaco Jimenez, David Bromberg and Kenny Kosek.
The album garnered mixed reviews upon release and sold poorly. It was listed by Billboard in Top LP's and Tapes at 125. The album was favored in later reviews.

George Cosmovici (1857–1920) was a Romanian mechanical engineer and inventor who between 1901–1920 was director of the service and traction workshop at Căile Ferate Române. He was the initiator of the European research on the dimensions of outbreaks and apparatus for burning heavy fuel oils. He built a model of original spray of fuel oil, used in locomotive outbreaks. In 1906 he invented the oiling box that continues to oil the railcar wheels, invention that was adapted to the Romanian Railways and rail network to other countries in Europe.

Giovanni Angelo Criscuolo (also known as Gian Angelo Criscuolo) (Cosenza, 1500–1573) was an Italian painter active mainly in Naples.

Elisabeth Henriette Marthe Lorimier (7 August 1775, Paris – 1 April 1854) was a popular portraitist in Paris at the beginning of Romanticism.
She lived with the French diplomat and philhellene writer Francois Pouqueville (1770–1838).

Héctor Jhonny Carabalí Cevallos (born February 15, 1972) is a retired Ecuadorian football midfielder who made 58 appearances for the Ecuador national team between 1992 and 1999.

Lachenalia ensifolia is a species of flowering plant in the genus Lachenalia, native to the Cape Provinces of South Africa. Its nominate subspecies Lachenalia ensifolia subsp. ensifolia has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

Marion Jokl Ball is a South African-born American scientist, educator, and leader in global Biomedical and Health Informatics. She holds the Raj and Indra Nooyi Endowed Distinguished Chair in Bioengineering, University of Texas at Arlington, is Presidential Distinguished Professor, College of Nursing and Health Innovation and serves as the Founding Executive Director, Multi-Interprofessional Center for Health Informatics (MICHI), University of Texas at Arlington. 
Ball is the author/editor of over 35 books and over 200 articles in the field of Health Informatics.

Mississippi ex rel. Hood v. AU Optronics Corp., 571 U.S. 161 (2014), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court determined whether a class-action suit was properly removed to federal district court as a mass action under the Class Action Fairness Act.  The court unanimously determined (Justice Sotomayor delivering the court's opinion) that since the state of Mississippi was the sole plaintiff in the lawsuit, the case did not constitute a mass action for the purposes of the Act.
The case turned on a question of statutory construction. The Act defined a mass action as 'any civil action ... in which monetary relief claims of 100 or more persons are proposed to be tried jointly on the ground that the plaintiffs' claims involve common questions of law or fact'. The State of Mississippi sought restitution from a liquid crystal display (LCD) manufacturer, including restitution for purchases of LCD products made by Mississippi citizens.  The court held that the reference in the Act to '100 or more persons' referred to actual plaintiffs and not to any individuals (in this case, unnamed Mississippi citizens) who may have an interest in, or benefit from, the action.

Oregon Route 141, known as the Beaverton–Tualatin Highway No. 141 (see Oregon highways and routes), is an Oregon state highway which runs (contrary to its name) from the city of Wilsonville to the southern edge of Beaverton.  The highway is 10.46 miles (16.83 km) long.
Oregon Route 141 is a post-2002 number, and currently does not have any route markers posted.

Sherman Leo Kiser (31 Aug 1889, Huntington County, Indiana–24 Mar 1974, Fort Myers Beach, Lee, Florida) was a US Army officer.  He is famous in Philippine Boy Scouting history as the founder of the defunct Lorillard Spencer Troop, an early Boy Scout Troop in the Philippines, and is mentioned in every account of Philippine Boy Scouts history.

Sreten Vukosavljević (Prijepolje, 5 March 1881 — Rovinj, 9 August 1960) was a Serbian sociologist, university professor, politician, leader of National liberation of Yugoslavia during WWII and former Komitas commander  in Old Serbia during the struggles for emancipation from foreign occupation. He was called the father of "rural sociology" in Yugoslavia.



St Ursula's is a building at 37 Watergate Street, Chester, Cheshire, England.  It incorporates a section of Chester Rows and is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building because of the quality of the undercroft.
The building originated somewhere between about 1180 and about 1280.  Alterations were made in the 16th or 17th century and it was largely rebuilt above the Row level in the late 19th century and altered again in the 20th century.  The building is in four storeys.  It is built in sandstone at the street (undercroft) and Row levels and above this is timber-framed.  The undercroft has 5½ bays and it is considered that the walls date from the late 12th century, and are therefore the earliest features yet to have been dated in the structure of the Rows.
The undercroft is currently in use as a storeroom for the neighbouring toy shop.

Thomas Metcalfe or Metcalf may refer to:

Thomas Metcalfe (courtier) (fl.1486), medieval Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster
Thomas Metcalfe (Kentucky politician) (1780–1855), governor of Kentucky, also known as Thomas Metcalf
Sir Thomas Metcalfe, 1st Baronet (1745–1813), Director of the East India Company, MP for Abingdon
Sir Thomas Metcalfe, 4th Baronet (1795–1853), East India Company servant, agent to Governor General of India, son of the above
Tom Metcalfe (1909–1969), New Zealand rugby union player
Tom Metcalf (born 1940), baseball player
Tom Metcalf (footballer) (1878–1938), English footballer who played for Southampton and Wolverhampton Wanderers
Thomas R. Metcalf (born 1934), historian of South Asia
T. Nelson Metcalf (1890–1982), American football and basketball player, coach and college athletics administrator
Thomas Humphrey Metcalfe (c. 1761–1790), American maritime fur trader
Thomas Metcalf (Massachusetts politician), representative to the Great and General Court

Tomii (written: 富井 or 富居) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Akira Tomii (富井 周; 1890–1959), Japanese diplomat
Daiki Tomii (富居 大樹; born 1989), Japanese footballer
Eiji Tomii (富井 英司; born 1987), Japanese footballer
Gen Tomii (富井 彦; born 1973), Japanese Nordic combined skier
Hajime Tomii (富井 一; born 1940), Japanese alpine skier
Shinichi Tomii (富井 慎一; born 1980), Japanese modern pentathlete
Sumihiro Tomii (富井 澄博; 1949–2013), Japanese alpine skier
Tsuyoshi Tomii (富井 剛志; born 1971), Japanese alpine skier

Wood Lane (A219; formerly A40) is a street in London. It runs north from Shepherd's Bush, under the Westway (A40) past Wormwood Scrubs where it meets Scrubs Lane. The road is wholly in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham (W12 postal district). It is probably best known as the home of the BBC Television Centre, also BBC White City and formerly BBC Woodlands the offices of BBC Worldwide.

In the Republic of the Congo, abortion is illegal in all cases. The law, based on that of France, sets fines and prison sentences for abortions, but these are rarely enforced. Abortion is common, particularly among young women, with the highest rates in Niari and Pointe-Noire. Illegal providers in Brazzaville, known as manganguistes, sell abortion pills and perform abortions. Unsafe abortion contributes to maternal mortality. Activists and doctors have advocated for legalizing abortion, while other activists have led anti-abortion campaigns.

Balana is a village in Central Province, Sri Lanka.
Balana may also refer to:

Bălana, a right tributary of the river Ghighiu in Romania
Balana fort, fort built by the Kingdom of Kandy near Alagalla Mountain Range, Sri Lanka
Ballon, County Carlow, Ireland, a village

The Blandowski expedition was an Australian scientific expedition that took place between 1856 and 1857 to study the natural history of the region and acquire specimens for the Victorian Museum. The expedition departed from Melbourne on route to Mondellimin (now known as Merbein) the area of the junction of the Darling and Murray Rivers in north-western Victoria following the Murray to Goolwa in South Australia.
It was led by William Blandowski, the Victorian government zoologist, and included his assistant, Gerard Krefft who maintained a diary of the field work.

Butorphanol is a morphinan-type synthetic agonist–antagonist opioid analgesic developed by Bristol-Myers. Butorphanol is most closely structurally related to levorphanol. Butorphanol is available as the tartrate salt in injectable, tablet, and intranasal spray formulations. The tablet form is only used in dogs, cats and horses due to low bioavailability in humans.
It was patented in 1971 and approved for medical use in 1979.

Cheapskate Records was a record label established by Slade bassist Jim Lea and his brother Frank Lea in 1979. It was active until 1982, however was later briefly revived for the release of three Slade singles in 1987–88. Aside from Slade, some of the artists on the label were The Dummies, The Ska-Dows, Sue Wilkinson, Roy Wood, Tich Turner's Escalator, Malcolm Roberts, Top Secret and The Glitter Band.

Chonala is a genus of butterflies of the family Nymphalidae found in eastern Asia.

Emmanuel Kwasi Mireku, professionally known as Elder Mireku (born, 12 January 1958), is a Ghanaian gospel musician and a songwriter whose career has spanned more than 40 years.

Gymnocalycium erinaceum is a species of Gymnocalycium from Argentina.

Jarušje is a settlement (naselje) in the Samobor administrative territory of Zagreb County, Croatia. As of 2011 it had a population of 72.

Just One Time is the sixteenth solo studio album by American country singer Connie Smith, released in June 1971 by RCA Victor. The album was named for the lead single of the same name, which reached the top five of the North American country charts in 1971. The album itself would chart in the top 20 of the American country LP's chart following its release. Additionally, Billboard magazine gave the project a positive reception when reviewing it in 1971.

La Glorieta is a historic hacienda in Albuquerque, New Mexico, believed to be the oldest residence in the city. Its exact age is unknown, but it is known to have been standing in 1803 and possibly dates back as far as the 17th century. It has been the home of several generations of prominent New Mexicans: merchant Franz Huning, U.S. Representative Harvey Butler Fergusson, writer and historian Erna Fergusson, and writer Harvey Fergusson.

Line 1 of the Pingshan SkyShuttle is an elevated BYD SkyShuttle automated guideway transit line serving the district of Pingshan, Shenzhen. Line 1 opened on 28 December 2022  and runs from Pingshan Station to BYD North Station.

Mestolobes mesacma is a moth of the family Crambidae described by Edward Meyrick in 1899. It is endemic to the Hawaiian islands of Molokai, Maui and Hawaii.

Otrøvatnet or Støgovatnet is a lake in Vang Municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. The 2-square-kilometre (0.77 sq mi) lake lies in the Filefjell area, about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) to the southwest of the village of Tyinkrysset. The European route E16 highway passes through the 5-kilometre (3.1 mi) long Filefjell Tunnel in the mountain just north of the lake.

Paleontology in Georgia refers to paleontological research occurring within or conducted by people from the U.S. state of Georgia. During the early part of the Paleozoic, Georgia was largely covered by seawater. Although no major Paleozoic discoveries have been uncovered in Georgia, the local fossil record documents a great diversity of ancient life in the state. Inhabitants of Georgia's early Paleozoic sea included corals, stromatolites, and trilobites. During the Carboniferous local sea levels dropped and a vast complex of richly vegetated delta formed in the state. These swampy deltas were home to early tetrapods which left behind footprints that would later fossilize. Little is known of Triassic Georgia and the Jurassic is absent altogether from the state's rock record. During the Cretaceous, however, southern Georgia was covered by a sea that was home to invertebrates and fishes. On land, the tree Araucaria grew, and dinosaurs inhabited the state. Southern Georgia remained submerged by shallow seawater into the ensuing Paleogene and Neogene periods of the Cenozoic era. These seas were home to small coral reefs and a variety of other marine invertebrates. By the Pleistocene the state was mostly dry land covered in forests and grasslands home to mammoths and giant ground sloths. Local coal mining activity has a history of serendipitous Carboniferous-aged fossil discoveries. Another major event in Georgian paleontology was a 1963 discovery of Pleistocene fossils in Bartow County. Shark teeth are the Georgia state fossil.

The Party of Sardinians (Italian: Partito dei Sardi, PdS) was a regionalist, Sardinian nationalist, social-democratic and separatist political party in Sardinia.

Qantas Airways Limited ( KWON-təs), doing business as QANTAS or Qantas, is the flag carrier of Australia, and the largest airline by fleet size, international flights, and international destinations in Oceania. A founding member of the Oneworld airline alliance, it is the only airline in the world that flies to all seven continents, with it operating flights to Africa, Antarctica, Asia, Europe, North America, and South America from its hubs in Sydney, Perth, Melbourne, and Brisbane. It also flies to over 60 domestic destinations across Australia.
Qantas is one of the world's oldest airlines still in operation, originally founded in November 1920. Qantas is an acronym of the airline's original name, Queensland And Northern Territory Aerial Services, as it originally served Queensland and the Northern Territory. Since then, the company has undergone several changes, including nationalisation and privatisation. It is popularly nicknamed "The Flying Kangaroo" and has the official slogan "Spirit of Australia".
Qantas is based in the Sydney suburb of Mascot, adjacent to its main hub at Sydney Airport. As of March 2023, Qantas Group had a 60.8% share of the Australian domestic market. Various subsidiary airlines operate to regional centres and on some trunk routes within Australia, as well as some short haul international flights under the QantasLink banner. Qantas owns Jetstar, a low-cost airline that operates both international services from Australia and domestic services within Australia and New Zealand. It holds stakes in a number of other Jetstar-branded airlines in Asia, as well as Alliance Airlines and Fiji Airways.

Sykehouse railway station was a station on the Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Joint Railway between Thorpe-in-Balne and Snaith and Pollington. It was built with the line which opened on 1 May 1916, but the station never opened to passengers. Like most stations on this line, it was situated on the edge of Sykehouse some distance from the village centre, in the hamlet of Topham, just south of where the railway crossed the River Went. Despite never opening to passengers, the station had the necessary facilities, and the two flanking platforms remained in situ until 1960.
The station was controlled by a signal box situated by the level crossing at the end of the platform, which lasted until the final closure of the line.

In computing, Xyzzy is sometimes used as a metasyntactic variable or as a video game cheat code. Xyzzy comes from the Colossal Cave Adventure computer game, where it is the first "magic word" that most players encounter (others include "plugh" and "plover").

Yu Yan (Chinese: 余巖; pinyin: Yú Yán; 14 September 1879 – 3 January 1954), courtesy name Yu Yunxiu (Chinese: 余雲岫; pinyin: Yú Yúnxiù), was a Chinese physician and writer. A strident critic of traditional Chinese medicine, Yu first proposed abolishing its practice in 1929, although he maintained that Chinese drugs were effective and could be studied on their own, without invoking theories like yinyang or qi.

The 1924 United States presidential election in Iowa took place on November 4, 1924, as part of the 1924 United States presidential election which was held throughout all contemporary 48 states. Voters chose 13 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
Iowa voted for the Republican nominee, incumbent President Calvin Coolidge of Massachusetts, over Progressive nominee, Wisconsin Senator Robert M. La Follette and Democratic nominee, Ambassador John W. Davis of West Virginia. Coolidge ran with former Budget Director Charles G. Dawes of Illinois, while Davis ran with Governor Charles W. Bryan of Nebraska while La Follette ran with Montana Senator Burton K. Wheeler.
Iowa was the most southeasterly of 12 states where Democrat Davis ran third behind both Coolidge and La Follette. Davis’ performance is the worst by any major-party nominee since Iowa became a state in 1846, whilst La Follette's is the second-best by any third-party candidate in Iowa presidential election history behind Theodore Roosevelt in 1912.

The 2020 Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship was the 130th staging of the Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Tipperary County Board in 1887. The draw for the group stage placings took place on 27 January 2020. The championship was scheduled to begin in April 2020, however, it was postponed indefinitely due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Gaelic games. The championship eventually began on 25 July and ended on 20 September 2020.
Borris–Ileigh were the defending champions, however, they were beaten by Drom & Inch in a penalty shoot-out at the quarter-final stage. Burgess were relegated after a 1–17 to 0–16 defeat by Éire Óg Annacarty in a playoff.
On 20 September 2020, Kiladangan won the championship after a 1–28 to 3-20 extra-time defeat of Loughmore–Castleiney in the final at Semple Stadium. This was their first ever championship title.	
Loughmore–Castleiney's John McGrath was the championship's top scorer with 1-64.

Bond of Silence is a 2010 Lifetime Television thriller television film directed by Peter Werner and starring Kim Raver. It is inspired by a true story.

The Dorsland tree, also known as the Dorsland Baobab and the Dorsland Grootboom (Afrikaans: Large Thirstland Tree), is a baobab tree in Namibia which is found to the south of the Khaudum National Park. At around 2,100 years old, it is believed to be the oldest tree in the country. It is 14.3 m (47 ft) high, has a circumference of more than 30 m (98 ft) and keeps growing despite having fallen over. In 2006, two of its oldest relatives died. The previous oldest tree in the country, known as Grootboom, was 32 m (105 ft) high, but died in 2005.
The tree was where the Dorsland trekkers camped in 1883 and they carved the year of the visit, "1883", into the tree. In 1891 a detachment of German troops passed the tree and carved "1891" and the name of three in the group "H. Gathemann", "E. Heller" and "D. Hannemann" into the tree.

Egyházasharaszti is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.

Heinrich Ratjen (20 November 1918 – 22 April 2008), born Dora Ratjen, was a German athlete who competed for Germany in the women's high jump at the 1936 Summer Olympics at Berlin, finishing fourth, but was later determined to be male and/or intersex. In some news reports, he was erroneously referred to as Hermann Ratjen and Horst Ratjen.

Hohhot Stadium Station (Chinese: 呼和浩特体育场站) is a station on Line 2 of the Hohhot Metro. It opened on 1 October 2020, and serves the nearby Hohhot City Stadium.

I'm Not Me is the second solo album by Mick Fleetwood. This album is credited to the British-American rock band Mick Fleetwood's Zoo and features contributions from Fleetwood Mac members Christine McVie and Lindsey Buckingham. Billy Burnette, who performs some of the lead vocals on this album as a member of Mick Fleetwood's Zoo, would later join Fleetwood Mac in 1987 following the departure of Buckingham.

Jochen Schmidt (22 September 1936 – 10 October 2010) was a German journalist and book author, especially as a dance theatre expert. He became known through more than 30 years as a critic in the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, reviewing also non-fiction books on dance and crime novels, and working for other papers and broadcasters. He closely watched Pina Bausch's Tanztheater Wuppertal, and published a biography of her. He wrote a book about the history of dance in the 20th century, observing mainly European, but also international innovations.

Karsznice may refer to the following places:

Karsznice, Łęczyca County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Karsznice, Zduńska Wola County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Karsznice, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)

Ketzerbachtal (German pronunciation: [ˈkɛtsɐbaxˌtaːl], lit. 'Ketzerbach Valley') is a former municipality in the district of Meißen, in Saxony, Germany. Since 1 January 2014, it is part of the town Nossen.

Lawrence Pileggi (born Lawrence Pillage, March 14, 1962) is the Coraluppi Head and Tanoto Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Carnegie Mellon University. His research is in the automation of integrated circuits, and developing software tools for the optimization of power grids. He is also a Senior Energy Fellow at CMU's Scott Institute and has contributed to the modernization of electric grid analysis and simulation methods.

The Hero of the Soviet Union was the highest distinction of the Soviet Union. It was awarded 12,775 times. Due to the large size of the list, it has been broken up into multiple pages.
  This color, along with the † (dagger), indicates that the title was awarded posthumously.

London & Regional Properties Limited (trading as L+R) is a British real estate and leisure investment firm based in London, United Kingdom. It is one of the largest privately held principal investors in Europe, performing private equity style investments in direct property and asset-backed operating businesses.
The firm was founded in 1987 by Richard Livingstone, a chartered surveyor, and his brother Ian, a former optometrist. The brothers are billionaires and are described by the Irish Independent as "secretive". The firm has upwards of £9 billion in assets under management. L+R has business interests in the United Kingdom, Europe, and the Americas.

Louise F. Titchener (born 1941 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American novelist. She wrote under various pseudonyms: Alyssa Howard (with Eileen Buckholtz, Ruth Glick, and Carolyn Males), Alexis Hill, Alexis Hill Jordan, Anne Silverlock, Jane Silverwood, and Tess Marlowe (with Ruth Glick), and Clare Richards and Clare Richmond (with Carolyn Males).

Mittyack is a locality in Victoria, Australia, located approximately 37 km from Ouyen on the Calder Highway.
Located in a wheat-growing area of the Mallee the locality was settled in the 1910s, the Post Office opening on 5 December 1916 and closing in 1979. The Kulwin railway line reached Mittyack in 1919 and was extended to Kulwin the following year. The line through Mittyack was closed in 2010.
Mittyack West State School (No. 4277) opened on 24 September 1926 and closed on 19 May 1939. The building was removed to Woornack.
On 26 December 2038, the centreline of a total solar eclipse will pass directly over Mittyack.

New Orleans security districts are zones in the New Orleans metropolitan area that employ private security companies to supplement the work of the New Orleans Police Department in providing for public safety.
The oldest of at least fifteen existing security districts is the Lakeview Crime Prevention District, founded during the 1997 legislative session.  Security districts have been established through ballot initiatives and are funded by increases to property taxes within the security districts.
  Such taxes range from $100 to $440 annually for residential property, with higher rates for businesses in some security districts.

Portalegre is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte in the Northeast region of Brazil.

Tremandraceae R.Br. ex DC. is the name of a defunct family of flowering plants. It contained three genera: Platytheca, Tetratheca, and Tremandra. In 2006, a molecular phylogenetic study showed that Tremandraceae is embedded in Elaeocarpaceae. Recognizing Tremandraceae as a separate family would make Elaeocarpaceae paraphyletic.
Tremandraceae was first recognized by Robert Brown in 1814, as Tremandreae, before the suffix - aceae was used to denote plant families. Brown's name was not validly published, but the name was validated by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle in 1824. The name Tremandreae is still sometimes used for this group, but at the taxonomic rank of tribe.

USS Chewaucan (AOG-50) was a Patapsco-class gasoline tanker in service with the United States Navy from 1945 to 1975. She was then transferred to the Colombian Navy, her final disposition being unknown.

On 10 April 2024, Ma Ying-jeou, the former president of the Republic of China (Taiwan; ROC), and Xi Jinping, the general secretary of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) and president of the People's Republic of China (mainland China; PRC), met in Beijing. The meeting was the second meeting between Xi and Ma; the pair previously met in Singapore in 2015, when Ma was still the incumbent president. The meeting was part of Ma's 2024 visit to mainland China, his second visit during his post-presidency.

The AN/ARC-190 is an airborne HF communications system, found on C-130, C-20, KC-135, C-141, C-5, C-9, KC-10, B-1, B-52, C-17, E-3, E-4, E-8 JSTARS, F-15, F-16, H-53, H-60, S-2T, and Bell Boeing V-22 Osprey aircraft.

António Lacerda Sales (born 3 June 1962) is a Portuguese politician of the Socialist Party who served as the Secretary of State of Health between 2019 and 2022.

Bishwo Shahitto Kendro (BSK) (Bengali: বিশ্ব সাহিত্য কেন্দ্র, meaning 'World-Literature Centre'), is a non-profit institution in Bangladesh that promotes reading habits, enlightenment and progressive ideas among students and general public. Popularly known as just Bhrammaman library (mobile library), this institution was established by famous writer, television presenter, organiser, and activist Abdullah Abu Sayeed. Sayeed is the recipient of the 97th Ramon Magsaysay Award in Journalism, Literature, and Creative Communication Arts for "... cultivating in the youth of Bangladesh a love for literature and its humanizing values through exposure to the great books of Bengal and the world" – which was a recognition of the contribution of the library.

This page details the match results and statistics of the Brazil national football team from 1990 to 2009.

Gentil may refer to:
People:

Jean-Paul Alaux, called Gentil, French landscape painter and lithographer
Émile Gentil, a French colonial administrator
Guillaume Le Gentil, a French astronomer
Jean-François Gentil, a French colonial officer
Joseph Philippe Gentil, Mauritian composer
Otto Gentil, German sculptor

Places:

Gentil, Rio Grande do Sul, a municipality in Brazil
Port-Gentil, a city in Gabon
Other:

Gentil, a white wine blend from Alsace

György Aranka (17 September 1737 – 11 March 1817) was a Hungarian writer.

Several ships have served the Royal Navy under the name HMS Integrity.

Integrity was a cutter built at New South Wales for the British government and lost without trace in 1805. Admiralty records suggest that she was purchased or built in 1805, which is incorrect, and that she was listed until 1810.
Integrity (BAT-4) was launched 28 March 1942 by Levingston Shipbuilding Co., Orange, Texas, under contract from General Motors. She was completed and delivered to Great Britain under Lend-Lease 15 July 1942. She served as an ocean rescue tug with the Royal Navy, which returned her to the United States Navy at Subic Bay, Philippine Islands, on 19 February 1946. Stricken from the U.S. Navy List on 12 April 1946. The United States Navy turned her over to the State Department Foreign Liquidation Commission and she was subsequently sold to T. Y. Fong.
In addition, the National Maritime Museum database lists three other vessels named Integrity

Integrity - drifter 86/07, hired for service between 1915 and 1919.
Integrity (II) - drifter 67/03, hired for service between 1916 and 1919.
Naval drifters were boats either purpose-built for naval use or commercial fishing drifters requisitioned from private owners. The Royal Navy primarily used them to maintain and patrol anti-submarine nets.
Lastly, 

Integrity was a dockyard tug, the ex-Empire Cutit, that in March 1947 the Ministry of Transport transferred to the Royal Navy, which renamed her.

Henry Lebron (born 15 September 1997) is a Puerto Rican professional boxer. He currently competes in the super featherweight division.

Henry Hussey Vivian, 1st Baron Swansea (6 July 1821 – 28 November 1894), known between May 1882 and June 1893 as Sir Hussey Vivian, 1st Baronet, was a Welsh industrialist and politician from the Vivian family.

Hudsonia ericoides is a species of flowering plant in the rock-rose family known by the common names pine barren goldenheather, false heather, and golden-heather. It is native to eastern North America, where its distribution extends down the east coast from Newfoundland to Delaware, with a disjunct population in South Carolina.

Helsinki Academic Male Choir KYL (in Finnish: Kauppakorkeakoulun Ylioppilaskunnan Laulajat or KYL), founded in 1949, is an academic male choir from Helsinki, Finland. The choir is associated closely with Aalto University School of Business, consisting mainly of students and alumni of the university.
The choir's artistic range spans classical Finnish (e.g. by Jean Sibelius, Leevi Madetoja, Toivo Kuula, Selim Palmgren, and Armas Järnefelt) and international male choir music, modern compositions (e.g. by Einojuhani Rautavaara and Jaakko Mäntyjärvi), barbershop, as well as pop music arrangements. KYL has participated in several international competitions and toured extensively abroad. The choir performs regularly in the Helsinki metropolitan area.
In 2018 Master of Music Visa Yrjölä became the artistic director of the choir. Previous artistic directors include Matti Apajalahti (1997–2017), Raul Talmar (1992–97), Heikki Saari (1975–92), Aapeli Vuoristo, Kaj Chydenius, Ensti Pohjola, Ahti Sonninen, and Jorma Tolonen.

Károly Nemes, also known as Dragutin Nemeš, was a Hungarian football goalkeeper and coach. He is best known for his work on champion teams of SK Rapid Wien and SK Jugoslavija. He coached throughout Central and South-Eastern Europe.

CSI: Cyber (Crime Scene Investigation: Cyber) is an American police procedural drama television series that premiered on March 4, 2015, on CBS. The series, starring Patricia Arquette and Ted Danson, is the third spin-off of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation and the fourth series in the CSI franchise. On May 12, 2016, CBS cancelled the series after two seasons.

Madna is a census town in the Suti I CD block in the Jangipur subdivision of the Murshidabad district in the state of West Bengal, India.

Michael Alston is an Australian disabled fencer.  He competed in the 1998 FESPIC Games and won a silver team medal. At the 1998 Stoke Mandeville Games, he won a gold medal in the foil event.  That same year, he also competed at the DEFI Sport Event held in Canada.  He won a silver medal in the épée event and a bronze medal in the sabre event. He was supported by the Blacktown City Council and was coached by Sally Kopiec.
At the 2000 Sydney Paralympics he represented Australia in the Men's Foil Individual A and Men's Sabre Individual A but did not medal.

Robin Huw Crompton (born December 1951) is professor of musculoskeletal biology at the University of Liverpool  in the Institute of Ageing and Chronic Disease. He has developed the Fossil Footprint Archive jointly with Matthew Bennett of Bournemouth University. He has criticized the March of Progress image for implying that the common ancestor taxon of all great apes wouldn't have been bipedal, when fossil evidence suggests it would have been.

The Romanian Navy during World War II was the main Axis naval force in the Black Sea campaigns and fought against the Soviet Union's Black Sea Fleet from 1941 to 1944. Operations consisted mainly of mine warfare, but there were also escort missions and localized naval engagements. The largest naval action fought by the Romanian Navy was the 26 June 1941 Raid on Constanța, and its most extensive operation was the 1944 evacuation of the Crimea.

Thadanius is an extinct genus of Litoptern, belonging to the family Adianthidae. It lived during the Late Oligocene, in what is today Bolivia.

The Divine Invasion is  a 1981 science fantasy novel by American writer Philip K. Dick. It is the second book in the gnostic VALIS trilogy, and takes place in the indeterminate future, perhaps a century or more after VALIS. The novel,  originally titled Valis Regained, was nominated to the BSFA Award.
After the fall of Masada in AD 74, God, or "Yah", is exiled from Earth and forced to take refuge in the CY30-CY30B star system. Although people of Earth are meanwhile ruled by Belial, the fallen Morning Star who serves as Yah's principal Adversary, Yah is intent on reclaiming his creation.